Osteoma of the middle ear. Report of a case.
Replacement of an aortic valve cusp after neonatal endocarditis.
Chondrosarcoma of bone in children.
Klinefelter's syndrome with anomalous origin of left main coronary artery
The importance of calcium ions for in vitro malignant hyperthermia testing.
Intertrochanteric corrective osteotomy in slipped capital femoral epiphysis. A long-term follow-up study of 26 patients.
Five-year postoperative results of cemented femoral arthroplasty in patients with systemic bone disease.
Trochanteric fractures. Influence of reduction and implant position on impaction and complications.
The influence of joint line position on knee stability after condylar knee arthroplasty.
Pediatric spondyloarthropathies.
The relationship between bone morphogenetic protein and neoplastic bone diseases.
The influence of growth hormone on the reversibility of articular cartilage degeneration in rabbits.
Effects of corticosteroids on mechanical strength of intervertebral joints and vertebrae in dogs.
Biomechanical comparison of single- and double-pin fixation for acute slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Results of treatment of tibial and femoral osteomyelitis in adults.
Ocular complications of rheumatic diseases of childhood.
Combined laminoplasty and posterolateral fusion for spinal canal surgery in children and adolescents.
Comparison of quantitative sensory-threshold measures for their association with foot ulceration in diabetic patients.
Measuring vibration sensations with graduated tuning fork. Simple and reliable means to detect diabetic patients at risk of neuropathic foot ulceration.
Chiari pelvic osteotomy for osteoarthritis. The influence of the torn and detached acetabular labrum.
The incidence of deep vein thrombosis after cementless and cemented knee replacement.
External fixation for type III open tibial fractures.
Mechanism of the pivot shift.
Healing of non-vascularised diaphyseal bone transplants. An experimental study.
The management of the painful first metatarsophalangeal joint in the older patient. Arthrodesis or Keller's arthroplasty?
Neonatal osteomyelitis.
Ultrasound-guided aspiration for transient synovitis of the hip.
Surgical treatment for severe slipping of the upper femoral epiphysis.
Transient cyst-like cortical defects following fractures in children. Medullary fat within the subperiosteal haematoma.
Open transpedicular biopsy of the vertebral body.
The modified Schollner costoplasty.
A surgical approach to the cervicothoracic spine.
Operative and conservative treatment of moderate spondylolisthesis in young patients.
Lumbar intervertebral disc prolapse in teenage twins. A case report and review of the literature.
Radiographic appearances in lumbar disc prolapse.
Autoantibodies to the HLA-B27 sequence cross-react with the hypothetical peptide from the arthritis-associated Shigella plasmid.
Scleroderma and L-tryptophan: a possible explanation of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Dermatoses associated with sterile lytic bone lesions.
The restorative and surgical technique for the full maxillary subperiosteal implant.
Regenerating bone in clinical periodontics.
Imidazole salicylate versus piroxicam in the treatment of arthrosis in elderly patients. A double-blind clinical and endoscopic trial.
Epidemiology in bone and joint infection.
Animal models of osteomyelitis. Knowledge, hypothesis, and speculation.
Musculoskeletal infection, microbial adhesion, and antibiotic resistance.
The diabetic foot. Soft tissue and bone infection.
Hyperbaric oxygen as adjunctive therapy for osteomyelitis.
Diagnostic imaging of osteomyelitis.
Antibiotic therapy for osteomyelitis.
Surgical approaches in osteomyelitis. Use of laser Doppler flowmetry to determine nonviable bone.
Acute osteomyelitis in children.
Infectious arthritis.
Vertebral osteomyelitis.
Zygomatic approach to skull-base lesions.
Postlaminectomy ossified extradural pseudocyst. Case report.
A simple technique of posterior wiring in traumatic instability of the mid to lower cervical spine. Technical note.
Adaptive and remodeling changes in the fractured mandibular condyle after open reduction using the Kirschner pin.
Treatment of the retained permanent molar.
Management of delayed union and nonunion of maxillary osteotomies.
Composite temporalis pedicle flap as an interpositional graft in temporomandibular joint arthroplasty: a preliminary report.
Tissue response to composite ceramic hydroxyapatite/demineralized bone implants.
Bone response to hydroxyapatite particles of different shapes in rabbit tibia.
Invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the mandible presenting as a chronic osteomyelitis: report of a case.
Assessment of Proplast-Teflon disc replacements [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Feb;49(2):220]
A protocol for management of temporomandibular joint ankylosis.
Factors associated with soft- and hard-tissue compromise of endosseous implants.
Magnetic resonance imaging appearance of the muscles in childhood dermatomyositis.
Heat induced radial segmentation of leukocyte nuclei in patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and other inflammatory diseases.
CD5 positive B lymphocytes in seronegative juvenile arthritis.
A modification of the Health Assessment Questionnaire for the spondyloarthropathies [published erratum appears in J Rheumatol 1991 Feb;18(2):305]
Trigger finger in young patients with insulin dependent diabetes.
Prevalence of tendinitis and related disorders of the upper extremity in a manufacturing workforce.
An unusual manifestation of Paget's disease of bone: spinal epidural hematoma presenting as acute cauda equina syndrome.
A self-report articular index measure of arthritic activity: investigations of reliability, validity and sensitivity.
Connective tissue disease in southeast Georgia. A community based study of immunogenetic markers and autoantibodies.
The heterogeneity of anticentromere antibodies in immunoblotting analysis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome.
Presentation of breast carcinoma as Volkmann's contracture due to skeletal muscle metastases.
Rapidly progressive calcific periarthritis occurring in a patient with lupus nephritis receiving chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
The prophylactic use of antibiotic impregnated beads in open fractures.
Vitamin D and bone.
Accelerated transmural gradients of energy compound metabolism resulting from left ventricular hypertrophy.
Le Fort I osteotomy approach to the skull base.
Spinal bone loss and ovulatory disturbances
Pre-trigeminal neuralgia.
Effect of estrone sulfate on postmenopausal bone loss.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
Dental abnormalities associated with familial expansile osteolysis: a clinical and radiographic study.
Differences between florid osseous dysplasia and chronic diffuse sclerosing osteomyelitis.
The radiologic morphology of asymptomatic temporomandibular joints.
The radiologic morphology of painful temporomandibular joints.
Bone trabecular pattern analysis in Down syndrome with the use of computed panoramic radiography. Part II: Visual pattern analysis with the frequency and gradational enhancement.
Silicone rubber fossa implant removal via partial arthrotomy followed by arthroscopic examination of the internal surface of the fibrous capsule.
A histologic evaluation of the accuracy of TMJ diagnostic arthroscopy.
Triple bone labeling of canine mandibles.
Temporomandibular joint dysfunction and selected health parameters in the elderly.
Diffuse sclerosing osteomyelitis of the mandible: a new concept of its etiology.
Peripheral giant cell granuloma: evidence for osteoclastic differentiation.
Progressive osseous destruction as a complication of HIV-periodontitis.
Periapical lesions of mandibular bone: difficulties in early diagnostics.
Fine-detail panoramic radiography by free-focus radiography. A clinical demonstration of diagnostic radiographs.
Tibial nonunions. Treatment tactics with the Ilizarov method.
The use of the Ilizarov concept with the AO/ASIF tubular fixateur in the treatment of segmental defects.
Treatment of malunions and mal-nonunions of the femur and tibia by detailed preoperative planning and the Ilizarov techniques.
Pauwels osteotomy for nonunions of the femoral neck.
Amenorrhea, osteopenia, and the female athlete.
The Le Fort III advancement osteotomy in the child under 7 years of age.
Polyurethane foam-covered implants and capsular contracture: a laboratory investigation.
Recurrent anterior dislocation of the ulnar nerve at the cubital tunnel.
Temporal bone: three-dimensional CT. Part II. Pathologic alterations.
Scapholunate advanced collapse: a common wrist abnormality in calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
Dermatomyositis: correlative MR imaging and P-31 MR spectroscopy for quantitative characterization of inflammatory disease
Cytomegalovirus-induced osteomyelitis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Sagittal plane analysis in idiopathic scoliosis patients treated with Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation.
Long scoliosis fusion to the sacrum in adults with nonparalytic scoliosis. An improved method.
Herniated intervertebral discs associated with unstable spinal injuries.
High levels of inflammatory phospholipase A2 activity in lumbar disc herniations.
High lumbar disc degeneration. Incidence and etiology.
The natural history of lumbar intervertebral disc extrusions treated nonoperatively.
Metabolic bone disease in lumbar pseudarthrosis.
Lumbar discography followed by computed tomography. Refining the diagnosis of low-back pain.
A multicenter analysis of percutaneous discectomy.
Tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Disc space infection: a case report with MRI diagnosis.
Factors influencing the development of metabolic bone disease in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Phenotypic heterogeneity in osteogenesis imperfecta: the mildly affected mother of a proband with a lethal variant has the same mutation substituting cysteine for alpha 1-glycine 904 in a type I procollagen gene (COL1A1).
Postpartum osteomyelitis caused by group B streptococcus.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Early facial reanimation following radical parotid and temporal bone tumor resections.
Mandibular reconstruction with composite microvascular tissue transfer.
Reconstruction of mandibular defects in irradiated patients.
Predicting the severity of cocaine-associated rhabdomyolysis.
Treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis with high doses of synthetic calcitriol. A randomized controlled study
An unusual cause of thoracic mass.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. Recognition of a distinct clinicopathologic entity
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan ingestion. Analysis of four patients and implications for differential diagnosis and pathogenesis
A prospective necropsy study of arthritis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Congenital myopathy and cardiomyopathy with identical ultrastructural changes.
Unusual cause of 'piriformis muscle syndrome'.
Imbalance between the mechanisms of activation and inhibition of metalloproteases in the early lesions of experimental osteoarthritis.
Cellular immune response toward human articular chondrocytes. T cell reactivities against chondrocyte and fibroblast membranes in destructive joint diseases.
Relationship of glucocorticoid dosage to serum bone Gla-protein concentration in patients with rheumatologic disorders.
Specificity of antibodies to type II collagen in rheumatoid arthritis.
Renal disease in chronic arthritis of childhood. A study of urinary N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase and beta 2-microglobulin excretion.
Pseudotumor of the craniocervical junction during long-term hemodialysis.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Reiter's syndrome: a disease continuum?
Intravenous pulse cyclophosphamide therapy in myositis and Sjogren's syndrome.
Alcohol and bone disease.
The effect of local deep microwave hyperthermia on experimental zymosan-induced arthritis in rabbits.
Pivoting larynx--an unusual clinical observation at laryngoscopy.
Extradural abscess following local anaesthetic and steroid injection for chronic low back pain.
Prediction of hip fracture in elderly women: a prospective study
The sulphated glycosaminoglycan levels in synovial fluid aspirates in patients with acute and chronic joint disease.
Patients with arthritis and anti-U1-RNP antibodies: a 10-year follow-up.
Diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH) of the shoulder: a cause of shoulder pain?
A clinical epidemiological study in low back pain. Description of two clinical syndromes.
Lesions of the mid-shaft of the humerus presenting as shoulder capsulitis.
Abdominal wall pain: an alternative diagnosis.
Cemented total knee arthroplasty for gonarthrosis in patients 55 years old or younger.
Total knee arthroplasty in diabetes mellitus.
Bone loss in the distal anterior femur after total knee arthroplasty.
A sequential three-step lateral release for correcting fixed valgus knee deformities during total knee arthroplasty.
Anterior acromioplasty for treatment of the shoulder impingement syndrome.
Humeral head retroversion in patients with unstable humeroscapular joints.
Chondrosarcoma complicating total hip arthroplasty in Maffucci's syndrome.
Total hip arthroplasties in patients younger than 45 years. A nine- to ten-year follow-up study.
Giant-cell reparative granuloma of the hand and foot bones.
Primary inflammatory reaction in synovial fluid and tissue in rabbit immobilization osteoarthritis.
Comparison of patellar resurfacing versus nonresurfacing in bilateral total knee arthroplasty.
The inwardly pointing knee. An unrecognized problem of external rotational malalignment.
Late recurrence of varus deformity after proximal tibial osteotomy.
Two- to four-year results of posterior cruciate-sparing condylar total knee arthroplasty with an uncemented femoral component.
Fetal imaging in the skeletal dysplasias.
Does alternate-day cloprednol therapy prevent bone loss? A longitudinal double-blind, controlled clinical study.
Studies of the porcine intestinal calcitriol receptor in pseudo-vitamin D deficiency rickets type I.
Kyphoscoliosis and respiratory failure. A patient treated with assisted ventilation for 27 years.
Macrophage colony stimulating factor restores in vivo bone resorption in the op/op osteopetrotic mouse.
Soft tissue rheumatism of the upper extremities: diagnosis and management.
Calcium absorption in bone disease associated with chronic cholestasis during childhood.
Results of treatment of displaced patellar fractures by partial patellectomy.
Arthrometric evaluation of knees that have a torn anterior cruciate ligament.
Measurement of anterior-posterior displacement of the knee. A comparison of the results with instrumented devices and with clinical examination.
Evaluation of an electrogoniometric instrument for measurement of laxity of the knee.
Use of a knee-brace for control of tibial translation and rotation. A comparison, in cadavera, of available models.
Hypertension after operative correction of club-foot deformity.
The lateral approach for operative release of post-traumatic contracture of the elbow.
Arthrodesis of the ankle with cancellous-bone screws and fibular strut graft. Biomechanical analysis.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia of Maroteaux.
The patellofemoral joint after total knee arthroplasty without patellar resurfacing.
Thyroid abnormalities in the McCune-Albright syndrome: ultrasonography and hormonal studies.
Mandibular osteomyelitis in a patient with sickle cell anemia: report of case.
Musculoskeletal impairments and physical disablement among the aged.
Monosodium urate crystals stimulate phospholipase A2 enzyme activities and the synthesis of a phospholipase A2-activating protein.
A distinctive triad of malformations of the central nervous system in the Meckel-Gruber syndrome.
Limited precision of lumbar spine dual-photon absorptiometry by variations in the soft-tissue background.
Evaluation of anterior maxillary alveolar ridge resorption when opposed by the transmandibular implant.
Rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure associated with cocaine abuse.
Indirect revascularization of the lower extremity by means of microvascular free-muscle flap--a preliminary report.
Diclofenac-associated hepatotoxicity
Polymyositis: a case history approach to the differential diagnosis and treatment.
Electrophysiological spectrum of inclusion body myositis.
Central changes in hypothyroid myopathy: a case report.
Quantitative electromyography in polymyositis: a reappraisal.
The little women of Loja--growth hormone-receptor deficiency in an inbred population of southern Ecuador.
Characterization of a newly established malignant meningioma cell line of the human brain: IOMM-Lee.
Intradural herniation of a thoracic disc presenting as flaccid paraplegia: case report.
A case of dyschondroplasia associated with brain stem glioma: diagnosis by stereotactic biopsy.
Radical osteoclastic craniectomy in sagittal synostosis
Maffucci's syndrome with bilateral cartilaginous tumors of the cerebellopontine angle.
Electron transfer flavoprotein: ubiquinone oxidoreductase (ETF:QO) deficiency in an adult.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (L-tryptophan-associated neuromyopathy).
Psoriatic arthropathy of the temporomandibular joint.
Quantitative evaluation of digital dental radiograph imaging systems.
Cross-sectional radiography for implant site assessment.
Heritability of symptoms in an experimental model of neuropathic pain.
Adrenal medullary implants in the rat spinal cord reduce nociception in a chronic pain model.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Young adults with special health care needs: prevalence, severity, and access to health services.
The older adult. A comparative assessment.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome linked to tryptophan.
Diastrophic dysplasia gene maps to the distal long arm of chromosome 5.
Fructose-induced aberration of metabolism in familial gout identified by 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Hypodense eosinophils and interleukin 5 activity in the blood of patients with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Treatment of craniomaxillofacial fibrous dysplasia: how early and how extensive?
The use of liposuction to contour cherubism.
Estrogen therapy during menopause and the treatment of osteoporosis.
Tuberculous psoas muscle abscess following chemoprophylaxis with isoniazid in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
A case of group B streptococcal pyomyositis
Group C streptococcal arthritis: case report and review.
1990 Volvo Award in clinical sciences. Lumbar spinal pathology in cadaveric material in relation to history of back pain, occupation, and physical loading.
1990 Volvo Award in experimental studies. Anulus tears and intervertebral disc degeneration. An experimental study using an animal model.
Osteoporosis and back pain in the elderly. A controlled epidemiologic and radiographic study.
Computer-assisted tomography of scoliosis operated with or without Harrington's rod. Biomechanics aspects of the fusion.
Factors influencing the result of posterior spinal fusion in the treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
The operative treatment of progressive early onset scoliosis. A preliminary report.
An analysis of the effect of the Zielke operation on S-shaped curves in idiopathic scoliosis. A follow-up study revealing some skeletal and soft tissue factors involved in curve progression.
Effects of rib elongation on the spine. I. Distortion of the vertebral alignment in the rabbit.
Effects of rib elongation on the spine. II. Correction of scoliosis in the rabbit.
Congenital craniofacial anomalies of ophthalmic importance.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for necrotizing fasciitis reduces mortality and the need for debridements.
Estrogen prophylaxis. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Nutritional rickets.
Mother-daughter pairs: spinal and femoral bone densities and dietary intakes.
Temporary loss of limb function secondary to soft tissue calcification in a patient with rhabdomyolysis-induced acute renal failure.
Nucleus-driven multiple large-scale deletions of the human mitochondrial genome: a new autosomal dominant disease.
A controlled trial of intravenous immunoglobulin G in chronic fatigue syndrome
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome
Prevalence and determinants of estrogen replacement therapy in elderly women.
Orbital intramuscular schwannoma.
Pathogenesis of antigen-induced arthritis in mice deficient in neutrophil elastase and cathepsin G.
Attenuation of suxamethonium myalgias. Effect of midazolam and vecuronium.
Clinical presentation of suspected malignant hyperthermia during anaesthesia in 402 probands.
Erythromycin failure with subsequent Pasteurella multocida meningitis and septic arthritis in a cat-bite victim.
Gallium nitrate for advanced Paget disease of bone: effectiveness and dose-response analysis.
Arachnoid granulation cerebrospinal fluid otorrhea.
Prediction of acute renal failure after birth asphyxia.
Spontaneous resolution of bone mineral depletion in preterm infants.
Outcome after acute osteomyelitis in preterm infants.
Pheochromocytoma presenting as rhabdomyolysis and acute myoglobinuric renal failure.
The American College of Rheumatology criteria for the classification and reporting of osteoarthritis of the hand.
Type XI collagen-degrading activity in human osteoarthritic cartilage.
A subluxing arthropathy associated with the anti-Jo-1 antibody in polymyositis/dermatomyositis.
IgG and IgA antibodies to the collagen-like region of C1q in rheumatoid vasculitis.
Interleukin-1-induced interleukin-6 is required for the inhibition of proteoglycan synthesis by interleukin-1 in human articular cartilage.
Treatment of psoriatic arthritis with oral 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3: a pilot study.
Nontropical pyomyositis as a cause of subacute, multifocal myalgia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Outbreak of spontaneous staphylococcal arthritis and osteitis in mice.
Quantitative gamma-ray computed tomography of the radius in normal subjects and osteoporotic patients.
L-tryptophan implicated in human eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome causes fasciitis and perimyositis in the Lewis rat.
Isolated congenital stapes ankylosis: surgical results in 32 ears and a review of the literature.
Repetitive strain injuries. How to deal with 'the epidemic of the 1990s'.
Hormone replacement therapy. How to select the best preparation and regimen.
Calvarial sutural abnormalities: metopic synostosis and coronal deformation--an anatomic, three-dimensional radiographic, and pathologic study.
The effect of early fronto-orbital advancement on frontal sinus development and forehead aesthetics.
Arthritis: roles of radiography and other imaging techniques in evaluation.
Association of vertebral end plate fracture with pediatric lumbar intervertebral disk herniation: value of CT and MR imaging.
Focal fibrocartilaginous dysplasia associated with tibia vara.
Rotator cuff lesions: signal patterns at MR imaging.
Cystic rheumatoid arthritis: description of a nonerosive form.
Magnetic resonance imaging and the nonoperative treatment of spinal epidural abscess.
Flurbiprofen versus diclofenac for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee.
Lymphoma presenting as a periorbital tumor.
Determinants of vertebral mineral density in patients receiving long-term glucocorticoid therapy.
Muscle involvement in the scleroderma syndromes.
The influence of renal function on diabetic foot ulceration.
The distribution of muscle weakness in upper motoneuron lesions affecting the lower limb.
Capacitive coupling as an adjunctive treatment for avascular necrosis.
Tissue changes around loose prostheses. A canine model to investigate the effects of an antiinflammatory agent.
Cementless total joint arthroplasty prostheses with titanium-alloy articular surfaces. A human retrieval analysis.
Making core decompression work.
The effect of stem stiffness on femoral bone resorption after canine porous-coated total hip arthroplasty.
Acetabular dysplasia in the adolescent and young adult.
Chylothorax after posterior spinal instrumentation and fusion.
Newer concepts in antimicrobial therapy.
Peroneal nerve palsy after total knee arthroplasty.
Risk factors for the development of osteoarthrosis of the knee.
Simplified two-stage below-knee amputation for unsalvageable diabetic foot infections.
Bone fragility of the peripheral skeleton during fluoride therapy for osteoporosis.
Bipolar versus total hip arthroplasty for avascular necrosis of the femoral head. A comparison.
Histologic, biochemical, and ion analysis of tissue and fluids retrieved during total hip arthroplasty.
Perichondral grafting for cartilage lesions of the knee.
Osteotomy for osteoarthritis of the hip. A survivorship analysis.
Intra-osseous pressure and oxygen tension in avascular necrosis and osteoarthritis of the hip.
Biomechanics of a double prosthetic ligament in the anterior cruciate deficient knee.
Development of the hip in multiple epiphyseal dysplasia. Natural history and susceptibility to premature osteoarthritis.
Failed acromioplasty for impingement syndrome.
Bone lysis in well-fixed cemented femoral components.
Localised endosteal bone lysis in relation to the femoral components of cemented total hip arthroplasties.
Macrophages stimulate bone resorption when they phagocytose particles.
Tissue-expanded radial forearm free flap in neck burn contracture.
Hearing loss due to cranio-metaphysial dysplasia.
Magnetic and electrical stimulation of cervical motor roots: technique, site and mechanisms of excitation.
Rigid spine syndrome with respiratory failure.
Sexually transmitted arthritis syndromes.
Asymptomatic rhabdomyolysis of unknown etiology.
Epiretinal membrane contracture associated with macular prolapse.
Effects of 2% lignocaine on somatosensory evoked potentials recorded in the extradural space.
The presence of autoantibody to recombinant lipocortin-I in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Aerobic work capacity in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome
Orbital compartment syndrome. Direct measurement of orbital tissue pressure: 1. Technique.
Effects of a multidisciplinary management program on neurologically impaired patients with dysphagia.
The effects of parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related peptide on osteoclast resorption of bone slices in vitro: an analysis of pit size and the resorption focus.
Squamous cell carcinomas often produce more than a single bone resorption-stimulating factor: role of interleukin-1 alpha*.
Congenital abnormalities of the lymphatic system: a new clinical classification.
Biomechanics of mammalian terrestrial locomotion.
Physician documentation of diabetes care: use of a diabetes flow sheet and patient education clinic.
Sternoclavicular septic arthritis due to haemophilus influenzae.
Eosinophilic granuloma of the cervical spine. A case report and review of the literature.
Avascular necrosis of bone: a common serious complication of allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament using allogeneic tendon. Long-term followup.
Shoulder arthroscopy: its role in evaluating shoulder disorders in the athlete.
Incidence of cervical spinal stenosis in professional and rookie football players.
Peripheral neuropathy associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated myopathy: immunocytochemical identification of an HIV antigen (gp 41) in muscle macrophages.
Effect of a pulsing electromagnetic field on metabolically derived osteoporosis in rats: a pilot study.
Prerandomization: an alternative to classic randomization. The effects on recruitment in a controlled trial of arthroscopy for osteoarthrosis of the knee.
Open fractures of the tibia in children.
Total hip arthroplasty with cement. A long-term radiographic analysis in patients who are older than fifty and younger than fifty years.
Hazards of internal fixation in the treatment of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Osteoarthrosis and congenital dysplasia of the hip in family members of children who have congenital dysplasia of the hip [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Feb;73(2):293]
Failure of acetabular autogenous grafts in total hip arthroplasty. Increasing incidence: a follow-up note.
The molecular basis of hereditary 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 resistant rickets in seven related families.
Serum uric acid correlates in elderly men and women with special reference to body composition and dietary intake (Dutch Nutrition Surveillance System).
Examination by logistic regression modelling of the variables which increase the relative risk of elderly women falling compared to elderly men.
Joint inflammation provoked by a local synovial allergic reaction.
Adherent synovial cells from nonrheumatoid arthritis do not release interleukin 1 beta and prostaglandin E2 spontaneously in longterm culture.
Incidence of polymyositis-dermatomyositis: a 20-year study of hospital diagnosed cases in Allegheny County, PA 1963-1982.
Prevention of a false diagnosis of sexually acquired reactive arthritis by synovial lymphocyte responses.
Restricted dose and duration of corticosteroid treatment in patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and temporal arteritis.
Pyogenic sacroiliitis in a rural population.
Synthesis and release of phospholipase A2 by unstimulated human articular chondrocytes.
Sternocostoclavicular hyperostosis: two cases with differing dermatologic syndromes.
Yersinia enterocolitica tenosynovitis. The first case.
Septic Streptococcus milleri spondylodiscitis.
Large cell orbital lymphoma in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Case report and review
A new dynamic lumbrical simulating splint for claw hand deformity.
Hemodialysis-related amyloidomas of bone.
Occult posttraumatic osteochondral lesions of the knee: prevalence, classification, and short-term sequelae evaluated with MR imaging.
Primary bone tumours of the thoracic skeleton: an audit of the Leeds regional bone tumour registry.
Eosinophilic granuloma of the lung presenting as a solitary pulmonary nodule.
Traumatic synovitis analysed by arthroscopy and immunohistopathology.
Intestinal flora of patients with rheumatoid arthritis: induction of chronic arthritis in rats by cell wall fragments from isolated Eubacterium aerofaciens strains.
Post-traumatic osteoarthritis--a medico-legal minefield.
Remitting seronegative symmetrical synovitis with pitting oedema in young adults: a subset of rheumatoid arthritis or a distinct syndrome?
Natural and recombinant human IL-1 receptor antagonists block the effects of IL-1 on bone resorption and prostaglandin production.
Basilar impression in osteogenesis imperfecta tarda. Case report.
Septic hip in pelvic fracture with urologic trauma: case report.
The operative management of basilar impression in osteogenesis imperfecta.
Cryptic osteoid osteoma of the cranium: case report.
Disorders of calcium and phosphorus homeostasis.
Microcomputer reconstruction for analysis of spinal deformity and lung volume in hypokyphotic scoliosis.
Cobb angle versus spinous process angle in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis. The relationship of the anterior and posterior deformities.
Digital radiography can reduce scoliosis x-ray exposure.
Results of treatment of idiopathic scoliosis with the Charleston bending orthosis.
Surface electrical stimulation versus brace in treatment of idiopathic scoliosis.
Influence of bone mineral density on the fixation of thoracolumbar implants. A comparative study of transpedicular screws, laminar hooks, and spinous process wires.
The use of fibrin sealant to reduce blood loss during Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation for idiopathic scoliosis.
Fusion levels and hook patterns in thoracic scoliosis with Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation.
Sagittal plane analysis in idiopathic scoliosis patients treated with Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation.
Decompensation after Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation of idiopathic scoliosis.
Immediate complications of Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation to the sacro-pelvis. A clinical and biomechanical study.
Surgical treatment of scoliosis in a spinal muscular atrophy population.
Combined anterior and posterior fusion for spinal deformity in myelomeningocele.
Delayed anterior decompression in patients with spinal cord and cauda equina injuries of the thoracolumbar spine.
Factors affecting fusion rate in adult spondylolisthesis.
Normal dystrophin in McLeod myopathy.
Clinical and pathologic studies of twenty-six patients with penetrating foreign body injury to the joints, bursae, and tendon sheaths.
Magnetic resonance imaging of sacroiliac joint inflammation.
Yersinia enterocolitica in the synovial membrane of patients with Yersinia-induced arthritis.
Chondrons from articular cartilage. III. Morphologic changes in the cellular microenvironment of chondrons isolated from osteoarthritic cartilage.
Progression of osteoarthritis of the hand and metacarpal bone loss. A twenty-year followup of incident cases.
Suppression of type II collagen-induced arthritis by monoclonal antibodies.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study of three-month treatment with lymecycline in reactive arthritis, with special reference to Chlamydia arthritis.
Induction of arthritis in rats by aqueous suspensions of mycobacteria without the use of oil.
Septic arthritis of the C1-C2 lateral facet joint and torticollis: pseudo-Grisel's syndrome.
Application of the polymerase chain reaction and immunofluorescence techniques to the detection of bacteria in Yersinia-triggered reactive arthritis.
Complete heart block and severe aortic incompetence in relapsing polychondritis: clinicopathologic findings.
Tired, weak, or in need of rest: fatigue among general practice attenders
Effects of radiation therapy on skeletal growth in childhood.
Osteolytic monostotic Paget's disease of the fifth lumbar vertebra. A case report.
Scapular allografts. A report of two cases.
Nonhemophilic hemosiderotic synovitis of the shoulder. A case report.
Tuberculous tenosynovitis of the wrist. Two case reports.
Extensor tendon rupture after osteoarthrosis of the wrist associated with nonrheumatoid positive ulnar variance.
Growth disturbance in Legg-Calve-Perthes disease and the consequences of surgical treatment.
Bilateral femoral retroversion associated with acetabular dysplasia. A case report.
Total hip arthroplasty in ankylosing spondylitis.
The appearance of the piriformis muscle syndrome in computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. A case report and review of the literature.
Long-term results of posterior release surgery for severe flexion contracture of the knee in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Autograft versus allograft for benign lesions in children.
Simple bone cysts. The effects of methylprednisolone on synovial cells in culture.
Acute eosinophilic pulmonary disease associated with the ingestion of L-tryptophan-containing products.
Bowel dysfunction in fibromyalgia syndrome.
Metabolic and health complications of obesity.
Apolipoprotein (apo) E inhibits the capacity of monosodium urate crystals to stimulate neutrophils. Characterization of intraarticular apo E and demonstration of apo E binding to urate crystals in vivo.
Cartilage expression of a type II collagen mutation in an inherited form of osteoarthritis associated with a mild chondrodysplasia.
The neuromuscular pathology of the Eosinophilia-Myalgia syndrome.
A preliminary report of arthroscopic findings following acute condylar trauma
A report of fluorosis in the United States secondary to drinking well water.
In vivo muscle magnetic resonance spectroscopy in the clinical investigation of mitochondrial disease.
Centronuclear myopathy heterogeneity: distinction of clinical types by myosin isoform patterns.
The effect of spine fusion on respiratory function in Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in cervical spondylosis.
Clinical evaluation of the ITI (F-type) hollow cylinder implant.
Massive osteolysis of the maxillofacial bones. Report of two cases.
Coronoid process elongation in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta) after experimentally induced mandibular hypomobility. A cephalometric and histologic study.
African Burkitt's lymphoma: case report and light and electron microscopic findings.
The role of an autoantigen, histidyl-tRNA synthetase, in the induction and maintenance of autoimmunity.
Skeletal manifestations of ectopic or inappropriate endocrine and metabolic syndromes.
Radiologic manifestations in the musculoskeletal system of miscellaneous endocrine disorders.
Inherited diseases of bone density in children.
Metabolic bone disease. Morphometry.
The pathology of metabolic bone disease.
Radiographic appearance of osteopenia.
Osteoporosis. Current techniques and recent developments in quantitative bone densitometry.
Osteoporosis.
Hyperparathyroidism.
Rickets and osteomalacia are still around.
Motor-evoked potentials in patients with cervical spine disorders.
The neurologic workup in patients with cervical spine disorders.
Anterior cervical discectomy and fusion.
Surgical management of cervical soft disc herniation. A comparison between the anterior and posterior approach.
Functional stability of the canine cervical spine after injury. A three-month in vivo study.
Evaluation of current extrication orthoses in immobilization of the unstable cervical spine.
Anterior cervical plate fixation with the titanium hollow screw plate system. A preliminary report.
Recurrent childhood myoglobinuria.
Acute osteomyelitis in children. Reassessment of etiologic agents and their clinical characteristics.
Pneumococcal osteomyelitis and arthritis in children. A hospital series and literature review.
Neural arch stenosis and spinal cord injury in thanatophoric dysplasia.
Pearson syndrome and mitochondrial encephalomyopathy in a patient with a deletion of mtDNA.
Analysis of the chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan core protein (CSPGCP) gene in achondroplasia and pseudoachondroplasia.
Multiple orbital tumors were cavernous hemangiomas.
Acute rheumatic fever in West Virginia. Not just a disease of children.
Treatment of flexor tenosynovitis of the hand ('trigger finger') with corticosteroids. A prospective study of the response to local injection.
Gonococcal osteomyelitis. Case report and review of the literature.
Expanded Clinical Evaluation of Lovastatin (EXCEL) study results. I. Efficacy in modifying plasma lipoproteins and adverse event profile in 8245 patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia
Muscle conditioning in late poliomyelitis.
Corticosteroid injections in adhesive capsulitis: investigation of their value and site.
Open depressed skull fracture missed on computed tomography: a case report.
Topical treatment of necrotic foot ulcers in diabetic patients: a comparative trial of DuoDerm and MeZinc.
Reduction of graft failure by a monoclonal antibody (anti-LFA-1 CD11a) after HLA nonidentical bone marrow transplantation in children with immunodeficiencies, osteopetrosis, and Fanconi's anemia: a European Group for Immunodeficiency/European Group for Bone Marrow Transplantation report.
Cytogenetic evidence of clonality in a case of pigmented villonodular synovitis.
Chondrosarcomas of the synovium.
Late effects of treatment for Wilms' tumor. A report from the National Wilms' Tumor Study Group.
Multidisciplinary treatment of primary orbital rhabdomyosarcoma. A single-institution experience.
Bracing for patellar instability.
T-plasty modification of the Bankart procedure for multidirectional instability of the anterior and inferior types.
Familial predisposition for herniation of a lumbar disc in patients who are less than twenty-one years old.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the shoulder. Sensitivity, specificity, and predictive value.
Tests for posterolateral instability of the knee in normal subjects. Results of examination under anesthesia.
Skeletal involvement in children who have chronic granulomatous disease.
Posterior transfer of the adductors in children who have cerebral palsy. A long-term study.
Deformities of the hip in adults who have sickle-cell disease and had avascular necrosis in childhood. A natural history of fifty-two patients.
Systemic mastocytosis presenting as osteoporosis: a clinical and histomorphometric study.
Effect of a single infusion of aminohydroxypropylidene on calcium and bone metabolism in healthy volunteers monitored during 2 months.
Osteomalacia in hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria: a correlative clinical-histomorphometric study.
Spinal epidural abscess: an unusual complication of a duodenal ulcer.
Estrogen and progestin therapy to prevent osteoporosis: attitudes and practices of general internists and gynecologists.
Impairment of specific host defense mechanisms in patients with chronic post-traumatic osteomyelitis.
Schwartz-Jampel syndrome with dominant inheritance.
Polymyositis, pulmonary fibrosis and autoantibodies to aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase enzymes.
Dialysis arthropathy: a clinical, biochemical, radiological and histological study of 36 patients.
Clinical value of magnetic resonance imaging for cervical myelopathy.
Motion analysis of the cervical spine in athetoid cerebral palsy. Extension-flexion motion.
Identification of alpha-motor nerve fiber potentials in lumbar epidural space and its clinical significance.
Pathomechanism, pathogenesis, and results of treatment in cervical spondylotic myelopathy caused by dynamic canal stenosis.
Problems and solutions of pedicle screw plate fixation of lumbar spine.
Magnetic resonance imaging of lumbar disc herniation. Comparison with myelography.
Ultrasonic level diagnosis of lumbar disc herniation.
The system and procedures of percutaneous intradiscal laser nucleotomy.
Postoperative lumbar spinal instability occurring or progressing secondary to laminectomy.
Unstable lumbar spine without hypermobility in postlaminectomy cases. Mechanism of symptoms and effect of spinal fusion with and without spinal instrumentation.
Lumbar trapezoid plate for lumbar spondylolisthesis. A clinical study on preoperative and postoperative instability.
Natural history of degenerative spondylolisthesis. Pathogenesis and natural course of the slippage.
Long-term results of anterior interbody fusion for treatment of degenerative spondylolisthesis.
Clinical study on stability of combined distraction and compression rod instrumentation with posterolateral fusion for unstable degenerative spondylolisthesis.
Eosinophilic granuloma of bladder.
Congenital monomelic hypertrophy with progressive myopathy.
The relationship of complement-mediated microvasculopathy to the histologic features and clinical duration of disease in dermatomyositis
Focal myositis. A new cause for the pediatric neck mass.
Surgical treatment of internal derangements of the temporomandibular joint. A long-term study.
Computed tomographic assessment of old calcaneal fractures.
Magnetic resonance imaging of primary skeletal muscle diseases: patterns of distribution and severity of involvement.
Identification of osteoclast precursors in multilineage hemopoietic colonies.
High concentrations of 17 beta-estradiol stimulate trabecular bone formation in adult female rats.
Elevated expression of the genes for transforming growth factor-beta 1 and type VI collagen in diffuse fasciitis associated with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Diagnostic utility of lower extremity radiographs of young children with gait disturbance.
Psychological characteristics of children with Shwachman syndrome.
Early antibiotic treatment of reactive arthritis associated with enteric infections: clinical and serological study.
Effect of thiazide on rates of bone mineral loss: a longitudinal study [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Jan 26;302(6770):18]
Cutaneous manifestations of the L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: a spectrum of sclerodermatous skin disease.
Central corpectomy for cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a consecutive series with long-term follow-up evaluation.
The interspinous method of posterior atlantoaxial arthrodesis.
Orbital rim and malar advancement for unilateral coronal synostosis in the older pediatric age group.
Indium-111-chloride and three-phase bone scintigraphy: a comparison for imaging experimental osteomyelitis.
Methotrexate-nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug interaction in children with arthritis.
Some osseous and soft tissue causes of human intervertebral canal (foramen) stenosis.
HLA class II and T cell receptor gene polymorphisms in psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
Macroscopic and microscopic gut lesions in seronegative spondyloarthropathies.
Differential diagnosis between osteitis condensans ilii and sacroiliitis [published erratum appears in J Rheumatol 1991 May;18(5):790]
Relapsing polychondritis in pregnancy.
L-tryptophan induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan use.
Microangiopathy in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
An eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with an L-tryptophan containing product.
Eosinophilic myositis an expression of L-tryptophan toxicity?
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome in association with L-tryptophan ingestion.
L-tryptophan associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
A useful technique for measurement of back strength in osteoporotic and elderly patients.
Giant intradiploic epidermoid tumor of the occipital bone: case report.
Occult, bilateral anterior sacral and intrasacral meningeal and perineurial cysts: case report and review of the literature.
Methods of treating plantar ulcers.
Restoration of the anterior neck surface in the burned patient by free groin flap.
Trigger finger secondary to anomalous lumbrical insertion: a case report and review of the literature.
Pulmonary involvement in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Reviewing the unicystic ameloblastoma: report of two cases.
Infectious mononucleosis, Epstein-Barr virus, and chronic fatigue syndrome: a prospective case series
Evaluation of ultrasound in the diagnosis of pathologic processes in the parotid gland.
Arthroscopic treatment of temporomandibular joint locking resulting from disc derangement: two-year results.
Extracranial and mandibular augmentation with hydroxyapatite-collagen in induced diabetic and nondiabetic rats [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Jun;49(6):669]
Internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint: a histochemical study.
Drugs to lower uric acid levels. How to avoid misuse in gouty arthritis.
Chronic fatigue syndrome: is it real?
Musculoskeletal abnormalities in a patient with juvenile hypothyroidism.
Laboratory tests for rheumatic diseases.
Recurrent rhabdomyolysis in association with cocaine use.
Deep venous thrombosis in intravenous cocaine abuse mimicking septic arthritis of the shoulder.
Spinal cord compression due to pagetic spinal stenosis with involvement of extradural soft tissues: a case report.
The painful shoulder: Part II. Intrinsic disorders and impingement syndrome.
Association of Treacher Collins syndrome and translocation 6p21.31/16p13.11: exclusion of the locus from these candidate regions.
Predictability of difficult laryngoscopy in patients with long-term diabetes mellitus.
Eosinophilic fasciitis associated with tryptophan ingestion. A manifestation of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Ichthyosis, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, impaired neutrophil chemotaxis, growth retardation, and metaphyseal dysplasia (Shwachman syndrome). Report of a case with extensive skin lesions (clinical, histological, and ultrastructural findings).
Corticosteroid-induced juxta-articular adiposis dolorosa.
Fatigue in postpolio syndrome.
Psychosocial, functional, and quality of life assessment of patients with posttraumatic fracture nonunion, chronic refractory osteomyelitis, and lower extremity amputation.
Histopathology of metastatic temporal bone tumors.
Familial chondrocalcinosis due to calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition in English families.
Septic arthritis as a non-surgical complication in rheumatoid arthritis: relation to disease severity and therapy.
Immunogenetic heterogeneity in rheumatoid disease as illustrated by different MHC associations (DQ, Dw and C4) in articular and extra-articular subsets.
Ultrasound-guided hepatic cryosurgery in the treatment of metastatic colon carcinoma. Preliminary results.
Effects of inosine on glycolysis and contracture during myocardial ischemia.
Relationship of limited joint mobility to abnormal foot pressures and diabetic foot ulceration.
Brucellar and tuberculous spondylitis. A comparative study of their clinical features.
Spinal instability secondary to metastatic cancer.
Dislocation after primary arthroplasty for subcapital fracture of the hip. Wide range of movement is a risk factor.
Ten-year results of operations for rheumatoid cervical spine disorders.
Surgical treatment of double major scoliosis. Improvement of the lumbar curve after fusion of the thoracic curve.
Tarsal tunnel syndrome. Causes and results of operative treatment.
Treatment of Freiberg's disease. A new operative technique.
Transarticular fixation for severely displaced supracondylar fractures in children.
Bone lesions secondary to benign phaeochromocytoma. Four cases in childhood.
Pseudo-abscess of the psoas bursa in failed double-cup arthroplasty of the hip.
Correction of coxa vara in childhood. The use of Pauwels' Y-shaped osteotomy.
Joint proprioception in normal, osteoarthritic and replaced knees.
Natural history of nontraumatic avascular necrosis of the femoral head.
Long-term results of the Evans procedure for lateral instability of the ankle.
Effect of menopause and hormone replacement therapy on the urinary excretion of pyridinium cross-links.
The course of biochemical parameters of bone turnover during treatment with corticosteroids.
Correlation between serum osteocalcin and 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D levels in Paget's disease of bone.
Ureaplasma urealyticum chronic osteomyelitis in a patient with hypogammaglobulinemia.
Hyposomatomedinemia in men with post-poliomyelitis syndrome.
Haemangiopericytoma of the temporal bone.
Effect of aortic sclerosis on bone mineral measurements by dual-photon absorptiometry.
Isolated muscular sarcoidosis causing fever of unknown origin: the value of gallium-67 imaging.
Gallium uptake in tryptophan-related pulmonary disease.
Aluminum accumulation during treatment with aluminum hydroxide and dialysis in children and young adults with chronic renal disease
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with ingestion of L-tryptophan: muscle biopsy findings in 4 patients.
The "numb cheek-limp lower lid" syndrome.
Stimulation of dorsal root ganglia and degradation of rabbit annulus fibrosus.
Coexistence of cervical and lumbar disc disease.
Pyogenic spinal sepsis in adults.
Scoliosis in trisomy 18.
Nighttime bracing for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis with the Charleston bending brace. Preliminary report.
Analysis of sagittal plane instability of the lumbar spine in vivo.
Spinal rehabilitation by work tolerance based on objective physical capacity assessment of dysfunction. A prospective study with control subjects and twelve-month review.
Analysis of spinal and muscular activity during flexion/extension and free lifts.
Lumbar isthmic spondylolisthesis in children and adolescents. Radiologic evaluation and results of operative treatment.
Knodt rod distraction instrumentation in lumbosacral arthrodesis.
Vascular and nonvascular expression of INCAM-110. A target for mononuclear leukocyte adhesion in normal and inflamed human tissues.
Stapes surgery in osteogenesis imperfecta: analysis of postoperative hearing loss.
Skull base malignancy following long-term sinus mucocele and osteomyelitis.
Serum levels of bone Gla-protein in inhabitants exposed to environmental cadmium.
Lipomatous hamartoma of the orbit.
Microscopically assisted posterior lumbar interbody fusion.
The role of the supraspinatus and infraspinatus muscles in glenohumeral kinematics of anterior should instability.
Local antibiotic delivery in the treatment of bone and joint infections.
Periprosthetic chronic inflammation characterized through the measurement of superoxide anion production by synovial-derived macrophages.
A histologic and immunohistochemical study of calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
Hereditary internal anal sphincter myopathy causing proctalgia fugax and constipation. A newly identified condition.
Familial cervical dysplasia.
The role of venous hypertension in the pathogenesis of Legg-Perthes disease. A clinical and experimental study.
Treatment of de Quervain tenosynovitis. A prospective study of the results of injection of steroids and immobilization in a splint.
Management of pseudarthrosis after arthrodesis of the spine for idiopathic scoliosis.
Valgus deformities of the feet and characteristics of gait in patients who have rheumatoid arthritis.
Cardiac arrest during hip arthroplasty with a cemented long-stem component. A report of seven cases.
Reconstruction of the chronically insufficient anterior cruciate ligament with the central third of the patellar ligament.
Contracturing granulomatous myositis: a separate entity.
Juvenile intervertebral disc calcification: recognition, management, and pathogenesis.
The Caspar microsurgical discectomy and comparison with a conventional standard lumbar disc procedure.
Tibial collateral ligament bursa: MR imaging.
Mycetoma: comparison of MR imaging with CT.
Deposition of calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystals in the ligamentum flavum: evaluation with MR imaging and CT.
Anterior tibial translation during a maximum quadriceps contraction: is it clinically significant?
The contribution of the glenohumeral ligaments to anterior stability of the shoulder joint.
A prospective, randomized study of three surgical techniques for treatment of acute ruptures of the anterior cruciate ligament.
Postarthroscopy analgesia with bupivacaine. A prospective, randomized, blinded evaluation.
Intestinal permeability in patients with chronic urticaria-angioedema with and without arthralgia.
Lyme disease: recommendations for diagnosis and treatment
Mineral balance in infantile cortical hyperostosis: effects of corticosteroids.
Persistence of monosodium urate crystals and low-grade inflammation in the synovial fluid of patients with untreated gout.
Synovial membrane histology and immunopathology in rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. In vivo effects of antirheumatic drugs.
Spontaneous degenerative polyarthritis in male New Zealand black/KN mice.
Down-regulation of adoptive adjuvant-induced arthritis by suppressor factor(s).
Prevalence of angioid streaks and other ocular complications of Paget's disease of bone.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the head and spine: effective for the clinician or the patient?
Antibody to Coxsackie B virus in diagnosing postviral fatigue syndrome
Clinical screening for collagen defects in connective tissue diseases.
Impaired exercise capacity in adults with moderate scoliosis.
Hypercapnic respiratory failure due to L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilic polymyositis.
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy in association with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Risk factors for disability among U.S. adults with arthritis.
Reconstruction of the severely atrophic edentulous mandible by means of autogenous bone grafts and simultaneous placement of osseointegrated implants.
Bone resorption, stability, and soft-tissue changes following large chin advancements.
Long-term follow-up of the use of nonporous hydroxyapatite for augmentation of the alveolar ridge.
Nasopalatine duct cyst: an analysis of 334 cases.
The clinical course of osteoporosis in anorexia nervosa. A longitudinal study of cortical bone mass.
Hydrocephalus: overdrainage by ventricular shunts. A review and recommendations.
Papillary carcinoma of thyroid with exuberant nodular fasciitis-like stroma. Report of three cases.
Serum enzyme alterations in chronic muscle disease. A biopsy-based diagnostic assessment.
Hypercalciuria in parathyroid disorders: effect of dietary sodium control.
Flexion-extension views in the evaluation of cervical-spine injuries.
Incidence of cocaine-associated rhabdomyolysis.
Application technique of Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation for scoliosis deformities.
Minor anatomic abnormalities of the hip joint persisting from childhood and their possible relationship to idiopathic osteoarthrosis.
Radiocolloids in the management of hemophilic arthropathy in children and adolescents.
Congenital anomalies of the cervical spine.
Osteoarthrosis retards the development of osteoporosis. Observation of the coexistence of osteoarthrosis and osteoporosis.
Analysis of 61 cases of vertebral osteomyelitis.
A test for knee posterolateral rotatory instability.
Knee function after surgical or nonsurgical treatment of acute rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament: a randomized study with a long-term follow-up period.
Fractional lengthening of the flexor tendons in clubfoot surgery.
Experimental diabetes, insulin treatment, and femoral neck morphology and biomechanics in rats.
Histochemical localization of calcium with potassium pyroantimonate in the articular tissues in calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
A method of assessment of the clubfoot deformity.
The management of chronic osteomyelitis.
A perspective on recent trends for scoliosis correction.
Recovery from osteopenia in adolescent girls with anorexia nervosa.
Levels of disability among U.S. adults with arthritis.
Microheterogeneity of acute phase proteins in the differentiation of polymyalgia rheumatica from polymyositis.
HIV associated arthropathy: HIV antigen demonstration in the synovial membrane.
Fibromyalgia in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
A prospective double blind dummy placebo controlled study comparing triamcinolone hexacetonide injection with oral diclofenac 50 mg TDS in patients with rotator cuff tendinitis.
Growth promoting peptides in osteoarthritis: insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1, growth hormone.
Septic arthritis due to group C streptococcus: report and review of the literature.
Septic olecranon bursitis caused by Neisseria sicca.
Recurrent calcific periarthritis, erosive osteoarthritis and hypophosphatasia: a family study.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the preoperative evaluation of cervical radiculopathy.
Asymptomatic versus symptomatic herniated thoracic discs: their frequency and characteristics as detected by computed tomography after myelography.
Spinal Charcot arthropathy.
Pott's puffy tumor: a complication of frontal sinusitis.
Free-tissue transfers for limb salvage utilizing in situ saphenous vein bypass conduit as the inflow.
Composite reconstruction for chest wall and scalp using multiple ribs-latissimus dorsi osteomyocutaneous flaps as pedicled and free flaps.
Radiographic manifestations of congenital anomalies of the skull.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the limbs.
Mild spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia (Namaqualand type): genetic linkage to the type II collagen gene COL2A1.
Carcinosarcoma of the lung with hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy.
Quantitative gait analysis in unilateral and bilateral total hip replacements.
Indomethacin inhibition of middle ear bone resorption.
Muscle performance, voluntary activation, twitch properties and perceived effort in normal subjects and patients with the chronic fatigue syndrome.
Variable phosphate-mediated regulation of vitamin D metabolism in the murine hypophosphatemic rachitic/osteomalacic disorders.
Differential regulation of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-II release from cultured neonatal mouse calvaria by parathyroid hormone, transforming growth factor-beta, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3.
Cyclosporin-A in vitro decreases bone resorption, osteoclast formation, and the fusion of cells of the monocyte-macrophage lineage.
Recurrent nonsense mutations in the growth hormone receptor from patients with Laron dwarfism.
Transforming growth factor beta 1 suppresses acute and chronic arthritis in experimental animals.
Unusual presentation of squamous cell carcinoma of the middle ear and mastoid.
Cauda equina syndrome associated with multiple lumbar arachnoid cysts in ankylosing spondylitis: improvement following surgical therapy.
Characteristics of respondents and nonrespondents in a prospective study of osteoporosis.
Depletion of muscle mitochondrial DNA in AIDS patients with zidovudine-induced myopathy.
Intracranial complications of paranasal sinusitis: a combined institutional review.
Chronic musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in the general population. An analysis of the 1st National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data.
Codeine plus paracetamol versus paracetamol in longer-term treatment of chronic pain due to osteoarthritis of the hip. A randomised, double-blind, multi-centre study.
Nursing management of the adolescent with idiopathic scoliosis.
Diagnosis and treatment of shoulder injuries in the athlete.
The foot and footwear.
That old hip. The osteoporosis process.
Spinal stenosis. When arthritis is more than arthritis!
Charcot's disease in diabetic patients. Correct diagnosis can prevent progressive deformity.
Scalp pilomatrix carcinoma as an extra-axial mass.
Postanginal sepsis with dysphagia.
Management of symptomatic lymphocele via percutaneous drainage and sclerotherapy with tetracycline.
Hypercalcemia in malignancy.
Extremely low serum pyridoxal 5'-phosphate in children with familial hypophosphatemic rickets.
45,X/46,X dic (Y) mosaicism in a phenotypic male.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. A clinical case series of 21 patients. New Mexico Eosinophilia-Myalgia Syndrome Study Group.
Low-dose heparin. A cause of hematoma of rectus abdominis.
Melioidosis. Forgotten, but not gone!
Heterotopic supradiaphragmatic liver formation in association with congenital cardiac anomalies.
Treatment of cervical spondylotic myelopathy by enlargement of the spinal canal anteriorly, followed by arthrodesis.
Radiographic assessment of instability of the knee due to rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament. A quadriceps-contraction technique.
Radial shortening for Kienbock disease.
Survivorship analysis of total knee arthroplasty. Cumulative rates of survival of 9200 total knee arthroplasties.
Ipsilateral fractures of the femur and tibia in children and adolescents.
Posterolateral rotatory instability of the elbow.
The prevalence of osteoporosis risk factors and physician intervention
Rhabdomyolysis and renal failure following a wolf attack: case report.
Imaging of dialysis-related amyloid (AB-amyloid) deposits with 131I-beta 2-microglobulin.
Stiff-man syndrome.
Anterior lingual mandibular salivary gland defect. Evaluation of twenty-four cases.
Chondrosarcoma of the jaws: clinical findings, histopathology, and treatment.
Osteomyelitis of the mandible in a patient with dysosteosclerosis. Report of a case.
Extensive aneurysmal bone cyst of the mandible: surgical resection and immediate reconstruction. A case report.
Congenital dermoid fistula of the lower lip.
Lymph node metastasis in spindle cell carcinoma arising in odontogenic cyst. Report of a case.
A technique for evaluating bony changes in the anterior edentulous maxilla: a modification of a cephalometric analysis.
Intradiscal invasion of Paget's disease of the spine.
Anterior decompression and stabilization of thoracolumbar burst fractures by the use of the Slot-Zielke device.
Idiopathic scoliosis and asymmetry of form and function.
The effect of an exercise program on vital capacity and rib mobility in patients with idiopathic scoliosis.
Respiratory deficiency in experimental idiopathic scoliosis.
Osteomyelitis of the talus: an unusual cause of limping in childhood.
Rheumatic symptoms and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The influence of clinical and laboratory variables in a longitudinal cohort study.
In vivo leukocyte migration in arthritis.
A double-blind study of deflazacort and prednisone in patients with chronic inflammatory disorders.
Amelioration of lapine osteoarthritis by treatment with glycosaminoglycan-peptide association complex (Rumalon).
Epidemiologic and immunogenetic aspects of polymyalgia rheumatica and giant cell arteritis in northern Italy.
Hip arthropathy in genetic hemochromatosis. Radiographic and histologic features.
Motor reorganization after upper limb amputation in man. A study with focal magnetic stimulation.
Deficiency of osteoclasts in osteopetrotic mice is due to a defect in the local microenvironment provided by osteoblastic cells.
Growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor I treatment increase testicular luteinizing hormone receptors and steroidogenic responsiveness of growth hormone deficient dwarf mice.
Passive immunization against insulin-like growth factor-I does not inhibit growth hormone-stimulated growth of dwarf rats.
Surgical treatment of the flail knee after poliomyelitis.
Flexion osteotomy of the femur for genu recurvatum after poliomyelitis.
Tibial torsion measured by ultrasound in children with talipes equinovarus.
Sequential magnetic resonance imaging in Perthes' disease.
Chiari's osteotomy in the treatment of Perthes' disease.
Chiari pelvic osteotomy for osteoarthritis secondary to hip dysplasia. Indications and long-term results.
Treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head by drilling and muscle-pedicle bone grafting.
A bioabsorbable delivery system for antibiotic treatment of osteomyelitis. The use of lactic acid oligomer as a carrier.
The snapping hip. Treatment by Z-plasty.
Sagittal plane laxity following knee arthroplasty.
Musculoskeletal manifestations of amyloidosis. A review of 83 patients on haemodialysis for at least 10 years.
The shoulder in multiple epiphyseal dysplasia.
Acute compartment syndrome. Effect of dermotomy on fascial decompression in the leg.
Lack of bone accretion and amenorrhea: evidence for a relative osteopenia in weight-bearing bones.
The prevalence and nature of podiatric problems in elderly diabetic patients.
The central (intraosseous) calcifying odontogenic cyst: an analysis of 215 cases.
Evaluation of antibiotic-supplemented bone allograft in a rabbit model.
Acute arsenical myopathy: morphological description.
Spinal coning after lumbar puncture in prostate cancer with asymptomatic vertebral metastasis: a case report.
Red blood cell magnesium and chronic fatigue syndrome
Visuospatial impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Puppet-like syndrome of Angelman: a pathologic and neurochemical study.
Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis: treatments with simvastatin, lovastatin, and chenodeoxycholic acid in 3 siblings.
Orbit, skull base, and pharynx: contrast-enhanced fat suppression MR imaging.
Legg-Calve-Perthes disease: imaging with MR.
Lovastatin use and muscle damage in healthy volunteers undergoing eccentric muscle exercise.
Adverse treatment effects in the trial of the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly.
The determinants and prognostic significance of serum uric acid in elderly patients of the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly trial.
One hundred percent incidence of hemidiaphragmatic paresis associated with interscalene brachial plexus anesthesia as diagnosed by ultrasonography.
Downslope claudication in eosinophilic fasciitis: a fourth type of claudication--case presentations.
Strabismus caused by melanoma metastatic to an extraocular muscle.
Normal peroxisomal function and absent skeletal manifestations in Conradi-Hunermann syndrome.
Radionuclide imaging in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
Primary adenocarcinoma of the temporal bone. A case with 40-year follow-up.
L-tryptophan use and the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Lack of association between keratoconus, mitral valve prolapse, and joint hypermobility.
Common foot problems. Relieving the pain of bunions, keratoses, corns, and calluses.
Noninvasive assessment of implant capsules.
Fingernail deformities secondary to ganglions of the distal interphalangeal joint (mucous cysts).
Intramedullary spinal ependymal cyst: case report.
Protrusion of the first thoracic disk.
Urate and calcium stones--picking up a drop of mercury with one's fingers?
Arthroscopic acromioclavicular joint resection. An anatomical study.
The iliotibial band lateral sling procedure and its effect on the results of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
The stabilizing function of passive shoulder restraints.
Serial magnetic resonance imaging of hamstring anterior cruciate ligament autografts during the first year of implantation. A preliminary study.
The Gore-Tex anterior cruciate ligament prosthesis. Two versus three year results.
Axial loading injuries to the middle cervical spine segment. An analysis and classification of twenty-five cases.
Functional biomechanical deficits in running athletes with plantar fasciitis.
Isokinetic torque imbalances in the rotator cuff of the elite water polo player.
Sports-related Kienbock's disease.
Bilateral infrapatellar tendon rupture in a patient with jumper's knee.
Electromagnetic treatment of shoulder periarthritis: a randomized controlled trial of the efficiency and tolerance of magnetotherapy.
Physiologic parameters and perceived exertion with local muscle fatigue in postpolio subjects.
Saphenous nerve entrapment caused by pes anserine bursitis mimicking stress fracture of the tibia.
Infections of the clavicle in children.
The early diagnosis and treatment of developmental patella infera syndrome.
Locked intramedullary fixation for metaphyseal malunion and nonunion.
Anaerobic osteomyelitis. A new experimental rabbit model.
Familial incidence of Paget's disease and secondary osteogenic sarcoma. A report of three cases from a single family.
Do infectious agents cause rheumatoid arthritis?
Cellular basis for rheumatoid inflammation.
Dysphagia as a manifestation of occult hypoxemia. The role of oximetry during meal times.
Urate crystals stimulate production of tumor necrosis factor alpha from human blood monocytes and synovial cells. Cytokine mRNA and protein kinetics, and cellular distribution.
Misdiagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis in an elderly woman with gout.
The presence of cartilage matrix glycoprotein in serum as determined by immunolocation analysis is not a sensitive indicator of "early" osteoarthritis of the knee.
The neuroradiology of visual disturbances.
Dysphagia in patients with the post-polio syndrome
Syringomyelia as a postoperative sequela of the resection of a chordoma of the clivus: case report.
Seasonal fluctuations in parathyroid hormone in relation to vitamin D intake of postmenopausal women.
Psoriatic arthritis of the temporomandibular joints with ankylosis. Literature review and case reports.
Tongue atrophy in mixed connective tissue disease.
An electron and optical microscopic study of juxtaposed odontogenic keratocyst and carcinoma.
Variations in adult cortical bone mass as measured by a panoramic mandibular index.
Assessment of bone remodeling in the temporomandibular joint by serial uptake measurement of technetium 99m-labeled methylene diphosphonate with a cadmium telluride probe.
Protective effect of transforming growth factor beta 1 on experimental autoimmune diseases in mice.
Retroviral sequences related to human T-lymphotropic virus type II in patients with chronic fatigue immune dysfunction syndrome.
Osteoclastic inhibition: an action of nitric oxide not mediated by cyclic GMP.
Surgical decompressive procedures for cervical spondylotic myelopathy. A study using magnetic resonance imaging.
Mechanism of production of experimental scoliosis in rabbits.
Anterior and combined anteroposterior fusion for lumbar disc pain. A preliminary study.
Compressive neuropathy of spinal nerve roots. A mechanical or biological problem?
Stress fracture of the lumbar pedicle. Case reports of "pediculolysis" and review of the literature.
Symptomatic gas-containing disc herniation. Report of four cases.
Limitations of indium leukocyte imaging for the diagnosis of spine infections.
Percutaneous suction aspiration for osteomyelitis. Report of two cases.
Protective role of vitamin E in biological systems.
Mineral metabolism and calcitriol therapy in idiopathic juvenile osteoporosis.
Anticardiolipin antibodies in polymyalgia rheumatica-giant cell arteritis: association with severe vascular complications.
The role of infections in the rheumatic diseases: molecular mimicry between bacterial and human stress proteins?
Age-related osteoporosis.
Airway complications in relapsing polychondritis.
Diagnosis of hematogenous pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis by magnetic resonance imaging.
Female gout. Clinical spectrum and uric acid metabolism.
Effect of salt restriction on urine hydroxyproline excretion in postmenopausal women.
Exacerbation of rheumatoid arthritis by sodium fluoride treatment of osteoporosis.
Histochemical demonstration of 5'-nucleotidase activity in inflammatory muscle disease.
Relationship between arthroscopic evidence of cartilage damage and radiographic evidence of joint space narrowing in early osteoarthritis of the knee.
Serum keratan sulfate. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons in inflammatory versus noninflammatory arthritides.
Renal tubular dysfunction in rheumatic diseases.
Bone mineral content in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: relationship to low-dose steroid therapy.
Increased metacarpal bone mass following 18 months of slow-acting antirheumatic drugs for rheumatoid arthritis.
Evolution of neuropathy and myopathy during intensive vincristine/corticosteroid chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Liver failure occurring as a component of exertional heatstroke.
Ranitidine in the treatment of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug associated gastric and duodenal ulcers.
Bone scans in the diagnosis of bone crisis in patients who have Gaucher disease [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Jun;73(5):791]
Biomechanical evaluation of methods of posterior stabilization of the spine and posterior lumbar interbody arthrodesis for lumbosacral isthmic spondylolisthesis. A calf-spine model.
Upper-airway obstruction after multilevel cervical corpectomy for myelopathy.
The effects of resection of the proximal part of the fibula on stability of the knee and on gait.
View from beneath: pathology in focus. ENT presentation of Ollier's disease.
Otological manifestations of a new familial polyostotic bone disorder.
Sleep apnoea syndrome associated with maxillofacial abnormalities.
Unilateral facetectomy approach for lateral lumbar disc herniation.
Nerves in inflammatory synovium: immunohistochemical observations on the adjuvant arthritis rat model.
Radiologic progression during intramuscular methotrexate treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Is there sexual inequality in ankylosing spondylitis? A study of 498 women and 1202 men.
Synovial inflammation in patients with early osteoarthritis of the knee.
The distribution of S-100 protein in articular cartilage from osteoarthritic joints.
Absence of autoantibodies in primary fibromyalgia.
Locomotor diseases in sculpture.
Neuropathy, myopathy and destructive arthropathy in primary hypothyroidism.
Vertebral body collapse due to primary amyloidosis.
Intraarticular osmic acid in postinfectious arthritis persisting after treated bacterial arthritis.
Diagnostic and therapeutic technology assessment. Reassessment of automated percutaneous lumbar diskectomy for herniated disks.
Malignant potential of the cryptorchid testis.
The tissue origin of low back pain and sciatica: a report of pain response to tissue stimulation during operations on the lumbar spine using local anesthesia.
The significance of venous return impairment in ischemic radiculopathy and myelopathy.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of low back pain.
The current approach to the medical diagnosis of low back pain.
Current status of percutaneous discectomy and chemonucleolysis.
The role of transpedicular fixation systems for stabilization of the lumbar spine.
Induction of anti-phospholipid syndrome in naive mice with mouse lupus monoclonal and human polyclonal anti-cardiolipin antibodies.
Pediatric musculoskeletal MR imaging.
Glenoid labrum: evaluation with MR imaging.
Apparent avascular necrosis of the hip: appearance and spontaneous resolution of MR findings in renal allograft recipients.
Postoperative lumbar spine: contrast-enhanced chemical shift MR imaging.
Panic disorder among patients with chronic fatigue.
Abscess of the iliopsoas muscle diagnosed by magnetic resonance imaging and ultrasonography.
Successful pregnancy in a patient with Hallermann-Streiff syndrome.
Exercise in women. Effects on reproductive system and pregnancy.
Urological manifestations of the Melnick-Needles syndrome: a case report and review of the literature.
Somatotroph hypoplasia and dwarfism in transgenic mice expressing a non-phosphorylatable CREB mutant.
An analysis of thirty cases of orbital lymphangioma. Pathophysiologic considerations and management recommendations.
Rate and incidence of capsular contracture: a comparison of smooth and textured silicone double-lumen breast prostheses.
Intraosseous vascular malformations of the orbit.
Extrapulmonary tuberculosis in an immigrant society: clinical and demographic aspects of 92 cases.
Treatment of systemic sporotrichosis with ketoconazole.
Haemophilus influenzae polyarthritis in an adult: an analysis of serotype b strains.
Adverse reactions to prolonged treatment with high doses of carbenicillin and ureidopenicillins.
Condensing osteitis of the clavicle: a rare but frequently misdiagnosed condition.
Fibrous dysplasia vs adamantinoma of the tibia: differentiation based on discriminant analysis of clinical and plain film findings.
ABO blood group differences in bone mineral density of recovering alcoholic males.
Treatment of bone, joint, and vascular-access-associated gram-positive bacterial infections with teicoplanin.
The clinical spectrum of renal osteodystrophy in 57 chronic hemodialysis patients: a correlation between biochemical parameters and bone pathology findings.
Intraoperative measurement of rotational stability of femoral components of total hip arthroplasty.
Elective total hip arthroplasty in patients older than 80 years of age.
Rehabilitation after high tibial osteotomy and unicompartmental arthroplasty. A comparative study.
Prognosis for patients with medial gonarthrosis. A 16-year follow-up study of 189 knees.
The treatment of ankle valgus by surface epiphysiodesis.
Instability of the hindfoot after lesion of the lateral ankle ligaments: investigations of the anterior drawer and adduction maneuvers in autopsy specimens.
Plantar fasciitis. Etiology, treatment, surgical results, and review of the literature.
Repair of three-month-old experimental meniscal lesions in rabbits.
Foreign-body-associated experimental osteomyelitis induced with Bacteroides fragilis and Staphylococcus epidermidis in rabbits.
HLA-D antigens and Paget's disease of bone.
Bone growth and remodeling after distraction epiphysiolysis of the proximal tibia of the rabbit. Effect of electromagnetic stimulation.
Talipes equinocavovarus deformities corrected with the aid of a hinged-distraction apparatus.
The role of lysosomes in the pathogenesis of unicameral bone cysts.
Diskitis in children.
Results of innominate osteotomy in the treatment of Legg-Calve-Perthes disease.
Long-term nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug use and Helicobacter pylori infection.
Anaerobic pathogenesis: collagenase production by Peptostreptococcus magnus and its relationship to site of infection.
Chronic infectious mononucleosis; a case report
Cognitive behaviour therapy in chronic fatigue syndrome.
The contributing role of condylar resorption to skeletal relapse following mandibular advancement surgery: report of five cases.
Nasal administration of salmon calcitonin for prevention of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis in children with nephrosis.
Clinical follow-up and immunogenetic studies of 32 patients with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Chronic compartment syndrome caused by aberrant fascia in an aerobic walker.
Testing of vestibular function: an adjunct in the assessment of chronic fatigue syndrome.
Methodologic considerations in assessment of cognitive function in chronic fatigue syndrome.
Assessment of depression in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Molecular approaches to epidemiologic evaluation of viruses as risk factors for patients who have chronic fatigue syndrome.
Medical aspects of delayed convalescence.
Serologic and virologic epidemiology of Epstein-Barr virus: relevance to chronic fatigue syndrome.
History of chronic fatigue syndrome.
Serologic and immunologic responses in chronic fatigue syndrome with emphasis on the Epstein-Barr virus.
Risk factors associated with chronic fatigue syndrome in a cluster of pediatric cases.
Chronic fatigue syndrome in northern Nevada.
Cognitive and mood-state changes in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Defining the chronic fatigue syndrome.
Chronic fatigue syndrome: thoughts on pathogenesis.
Issues and problems in the conduct of epidemiologic research on chronic fatigue syndrome.
Chronic fatigue syndrome: issues in the diagnosis and estimation of incidence.
Chronic fatigue syndrome and depression: cause, effect, or covariate.
Symptoms and signs of chronic fatigue syndrome.
Sources of confounding in immunologic data.
Validation of biologic markers for use in research on chronic fatigue syndrome.
Analysis of clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory data on chronic fatigue syndrome.
Definition and measurement of fatigue.
Physiologic measurement of exercise and fatigue with special reference to chronic fatigue syndrome.
A 1-y walking program and increased dietary calcium in postmenopausal women: effects on bone.
Salmonella myonecrosis in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
Clinicopathologic study of changes in prolapsed intervertebral disks.
Neoplasms associated with pulmonary eosinophilic granuloma.
Recognition, management, and prevention of Clostridium septicum abscess in immunosuppressed patients.
Familial inclusion body myositis among Kurdish-Iranian Jews.
Enteroviral RNA sequences detected by polymerase chain reaction in muscle of patients with postviral fatigue syndrome
The interchangeability of radioisotope and X-ray based measurements of bone mineral density.
Serial casting as a technique to correct burn scar contractures. A case report.
Candida albicans septic arthritis and osteomyelitis of the sternoclavicular joint in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Hemorrhagic subcutaneous bursitis.
Unusual stress fracture on the roof of the acetabulum: magnetic resonance imaging.
Prediction of short-term prognosis by biopsychosocial variables in patients with juvenile rheumatic diseases.
Multicentric osteolysis: an infrequently recognized renal-rheumatologic syndrome.
Palindromic rheumatism: a response to chloroquine.
A behaviorally effective model for training of general health professionals by a rheumatology team.
Production of platelet derived growth factor B chain (PDGF-B/c-sis) mRNA and immunoreactive PDGF B-like polypeptide by rheumatoid synovium: coexpression with heparin binding acidic fibroblast growth factor-1.
Acute airway obstruction in relapsing polychondritis: treatment with pulse methylprednisolone.
Regional distribution of mast cells and peptide containing nerves in normal and adjuvant arthritic rat synovium.
The effects of Rumalon, a glycosaminoglycan peptide complex, in a partial meniscectomy model of osteoarthritis in rabbits.
Arthritis and nephritis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Cellular localization of the target structures recognized by the anti-Jo-1 antibody: immunofluorescence studies on cultured human myoblasts.
Eosinophilic fasciitis is clinically distinguishable from the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome and is not associated with L-tryptophan use.
Renal function predicts colchicine toxicity: guidelines for the prophylactic use of colchicine in gout.
Epidural lipomatosis as a cause of spinal cord compression in polymyalgia rheumatica.
Clinically unsuspected inclusion body myositis.
Synovial fluid immunocytology in the diagnosis of leukemic synovitis.
A case of adult T cell leukemia complicated by proliferative synovitis.
Eyelid necrosis and periorbital necrotizing fasciitis. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Overview of osteoporosis.
Clinical and histologic features of iron-related bone disease in dialysis patients.
Complement C4-derived monocyte-directed chemotaxis-inhibitory factor. A molecular mechanism to cause polymorphonuclear leukocyte-predominant infiltration in rheumatoid arthritis synovial cavities.
Mycosis fungoides metastatic to the orbit.
The American College of Rheumatology criteria for the classification and reporting of osteoarthritis of the hip.
Morphologic and morphometric changes in synovial membrane associated with mechanically induced osteoarthrosis.
Collagen-induced arthritis in an outbred group of rhesus monkeys comprising responder and nonresponder animals. Relationship between the course of arthritis and collagen-specific immunity.
Differential effects of propofol and nitrous oxide on posterior tibial nerve somatosensory cortical evoked potentials during alfentanil anaesthesia.
Quantitative computed tomography for bone mineral measurement: technical aspects, dosimetry, normal data and clinical applications.
Iliac insufficiency fractures.
Periodontitis as an early presentation of HIV infection.
The influence of osteophytes and aortic calcification on spinal mineral density in postmenopausal women.
Cytokines in chronic inflammatory arthritis. VI. Analysis of the synovial cells involved in granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor production and gene expression in rheumatoid arthritis and its regulation by IL-1 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Mode of growth of acquired cholesteatoma.
Radiological study of primary spontaneous CSF rhinorrhoea.
Transmetatarsal amputation: the role of adjunctive revascularization.
Iliopectineal bursitis: an unusual cause of iliofemoral vein compression.
Invited review: electrodiagnostic assessment and monitoring of motor unit changes in disease.
AAEM case report #22: polymyositis.
Trabecular structure: preliminary application of MR interferometry.
Differential diagnosis of bacterial myositis in AIDS: evaluation with MR imaging.
Plantar fasciitis: MR imaging.
Effect of bone distribution on vertebral strength: assessment with patient-specific nonlinear finite element analysis.
Subperiosteal abscess in children: scintigraphic appearance.
Osteomyelitis in children with sickle cell disease: early diagnosis with contrast-enhanced CT.
Causes and clinical management of vertebral osteomyelitis in Saskatchewan.
Clinical long-term results of anterior discectomy without interbody fusion for cervical disc disease.
Mechanism of production of scoliosis. A hypothesis.
Hypotensive anesthesia for scoliosis surgery in Jehovah's Witnesses.
Anterior spine fusion using Zielke instrumentation for adult thoracolumbar and lumbar scoliosis.
Effect of disc degeneration at one level on the adjacent level in axial mode.
Study of correlation between intradiscal pressure and magnetic resonance imaging data in evaluation of disc degeneration. Therapeutic issue with percutaneous nucleotomy.
Congenital laminar defect of the upper lumbar spine associated with pars defect. A report of eleven cases.
Automated percutaneous discectomy.
Vascular complications of lumbar decompression laminectomy and foraminotomy. A unique case and review of the literature.
Application and results of the AO internal fixation system in nontraumatic indications.
Posterior occipitocervical fusion. A preliminary report of a new technique.
Midline craniectomy for sagittal suture synostosis: comparative efficacy of two barriers to calvarial reclosure.
Bone turnover during high dose inhaled corticosteroid treatment.
Sarcoma in Paget disease of bone: clinical, radiologic, and pathologic features in 22 cases.
The deformed petrous bone: a new plain film sign of premature lambdoid synostosis.
Gastric emptying in human disease states.
Staphylococcal pyomyositis in patients infected by the human immunodeficiency virus.
Basilar impression in a child with hypochondroplasia.
Platelet aggregating activity in serum from patients with HLA-B27 associated rheumatic and cardiac disorders: a possible link to the proliferative vascular changes.
New concepts in managing diabetic foot infections.
Conservative treatment of rheumatic disorders in the elderly.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of CD23 expression on lymphocytes in rheumatoid synovitis.
Capturing and clustering women's judgment policies: the case of hormonal therapy for menopause.
Value of a programmed investigation unit: an audit study.
Type 2a fibre rhabdomyolysis in myoadenylate deaminase deficiency.
Histopathologic features of the L-tryptophan-related eosinophilia-myalgia (fasciitis) syndrome
Pyogenic infection of the sacroiliac joint. Case reports and review of the literature.
Acute monarticular arthritis. Sleuthing out the cause.
Familial growth hormone releasing factor deficiency in pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism.
Necrotizing fasciitis: 10 years' experience in a district general hospital.
Surgical implications of drug-induced rhabdomyolysis.
Human T-lymphotropic virus type 1-associated myelopathy and primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Reversible hepatitis associated with diclofenac.
Human extracellular recombinant phospholipase A2 induces an inflammatory response in rabbit joints.
T cell and antibody reactivity with the Borrelia burgdorferi 60-kDa heat shock protein in Lyme arthritis.
An extensive transbasal approach to frontal skull-base tumors. Technical note.
Pyogenic osteomyelitis of the spine in the elderly.
Isoflurane-induced attenuation of motor evoked potentials caused by electrical motor cortex stimulation during surgery.
Complications after intravesical instillation of bacillus Calmette-Guerin: rhabdomyolysis and metastatic infection.
Stabilization of the cervical spine in spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita.
Aneurysmal bone cyst of the odontoid process: case report.
Bilateral symmetrical striopallidodentate calcification associated with pseudohypoparathyroidism demonstrated in a patient with cerebellar astrocytoma.
Purinergic regulation of bradykinin-induced plasma extravasation and adjuvant-induced arthritis in the rat.
Interrelationship of capsule thickness and breast hardness confirmed by a new measurement method.
Chordoma of the petrous bone.
Chronic osteomyelitis due to Clostridium clostridiiforme.
Relationship of menopause to skeletal and muscle mass.
A single base mutation in type I procollagen (COL1A1) that converts glycine alpha 1-541 to aspartate in a lethal variant of osteogenesis imperfecta: detection of the mutation with a carbodiimide reaction of DNA heteroduplexes and direct sequencing of products of the PCR.
Bone mineral density and anorexia nervosa in women.
Concurrent eosinophilic fasciitis and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Eosinophilic fasciitis as a paraneoplastic syndrome of T-cell malignant neoplasms?
Juvenile fibromatosis of the orbit: a case report with review of the literature.
Magnetic resonance imaging of spinal trauma.
Is the coned lateral lumbosacral junction radiograph necessary for radiological diagnosis?
Molecular cloning of the chicken growth hormone receptor complementary deoxyribonucleic acid: mutation of the gene in sex-linked dwarf chickens.
A selective oxytocin antagonist attenuates progesterone facilitation of female sexual behavior.
Induction of suppurative arthritis in rabbits by Haemophilus endotoxin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-1 beta.
The Foot Function Index: a measure of foot pain and disability.
Infection after rigid internal fixation of mandibular fractures: a clinical and radiologic study.
Lower limb problems in diabetic patients. What are the causes? What are the remedies?
The Carney complex with ocular signs suggestive of cardiac myxoma.
Chondromalacia and chronic anterior instabilities of the knee.
The long-term course after treatment of acute anterior cruciate ligament ruptures. A 9 to 16 year followup.
The diagnosis of knee motion limits, subluxations, and ligament injury.
Ofloxacin versus parenteral therapy for chronic osteomyelitis.
Malignant osteopetrosis: hypercalcaemia after bone marrow transplantation.
Erdheim-Chester disease. Case report with autopsy findings.
A flexible approach to infrapopliteal vein grafts in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Needle electromyographic evaluation of patients with myofascial or fibromyalgic pain.
Evaluating painful osteopenia in the elderly.
Nerve blocks for cutaneous surgery on the foot.
Immunity to type XI collagen in mice. Evidence that the alpha 3(XI) chain of type XI collagen and the alpha 1(II) chain of type II collagen share arthritogenic determinants and induce arthritis in DBA/1 mice.
Squamous carcinoma of the temporal bone: a revised staging.
Osteomyelitis of the wrist in a patient with Hodgkin's disease.
Expression of heat shock protein epitopes in tubular aggregates.
Intraoperative recordings of spinal somatosensory evoked potentials to tibial nerve and sural nerve stimulation.
Treatment of meningitis and other infections due to ampicillin-resistant Haemophilus influenzae type b in children.
Significance of elevated levels of serum creatine phosphokinase in febrile diseases: a prospective study.
Gout and hyperuricemia.
The challenge of caring for indigent children with rheumatologic diseases.
Methotrexate and histologic hepatic abnormalities: a meta-analysis.
The chronic fatigue syndrome.
Brown tumor and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Aluminium sulphate in water in north Cornwall and outcome of pregnancy.
The survival of total knee arthroplasty in patients with osteonecrosis of the medial condyle.
Tibial cortical bone peg fixation in osteochondritis dissecans of the knee.
Absence of the medial malleolus. A case report with a 20-year follow-up study.
Roentgenographic assessment in hallux valgus.
Surgical treatment of forefoot deformity with special reference to polyarthritis.
Vertebral Candida infections. A case report and review of the literature.
Isolated articular melioidosis.
Compartment syndrome of the thigh with osteogenesis imperfecta. A case report.
Fractures of the spine in diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
Evaluation of biodegradable ampicillin anhydrate microcapsules for local treatment of experimental staphylococcal osteomyelitis.
The effects of fluoride on bone.
Slipped capital femoral epiphysis. A quantitative analysis of motion, gait, and femoral remodeling after in situ fixation.
Long-term follow-up of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Evaluation of degenerative lesions of the rotator cuff. A comparison of arthrography and ultrasonography.
Evaluation of the painful shoulder. A prospective comparison of magnetic resonance imaging, computerized tomographic arthrography, ultrasonography, and operative findings.
Combined split anterior tibial-tendon transfer and intramuscular lengthening of the posterior tibial tendon. Results in patients who have a varus deformity of the foot due to spastic cerebral palsy.
Total knee arthroplasty for osteoarthrosis in patients who have Paget disease of bone at the knee.
Accuracy of cultures of material from swabbing of the superficial aspect of the wound and needle biopsy in the preoperative assessment of osteomyelitis.
A comparison of quality of life before and after arthroplasty in patients who had arthrosis of the hip joint.
Bone disorder in men with chronic alcoholism: a reversible disease?
Reduction of rattlesnake-venom-induced myonecrosis in mice by hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Malignant transformation of an osteoblastoma of the skull: an exceptional occurrence. Case report.
Alcoholic cirrhosis and osteoporosis in men: a light and scanning electron microscopy study.
Total knee arthroplasty: a population-based study.
Complete ophthalmoplegia as a complication of acute corticosteroid- and pancuronium-associated myopathy.
Necrotizing myopathy with pipestem capillaries, microvascular deposition of the complement membrane attack complex (MAC), and minimal cellular infiltration.
Benign fibro-osseous lesions in Paget's disease of the jaws.
Healing assessment of osseous defects of periapical lesions associated with failed endodontically treated teeth with use of freeze-dried bone allograft.
Joint and systemic distribution of dialysis amyloid.
Pseudohypoparathyroidism: its phenotypic variability and associated disorders in a large family.
Effectiveness of nonsurgical treatment for idiopathic scoliosis. Overview of available evidence.
The effect of Luque segmental sublaminar instrumentation on the rib hump in idiopathic scoliosis.
Midterm follow-up of young patients fused in situ for spondylolisthesis.
Progression of spondylolisthesis in children and adolescents. A long-term follow-up of 272 patients.
Radiologic progression of isthmic lumbar spondylolisthesis in young patients.
Leg-length inequality in people of working age. The association between mild inequality and low-back pain is questionable.
Disc degeneration and associated abnormalities of the spine in elite gymnasts. A magnetic resonance imaging study.
Mechanism of disc rupture. A preliminary report.
Percutaneous stimulation of the cauda equina. A new diagnostic method in spinal stenosis.
Normal and degenerated intervertebral disk: in vivo and in vitro MR imaging with histopathologic correlation.
Anaesthesia for a patient with giant axonal neuropathy.
Evaluation of Social Security disability in claimants with rheumatic disease.
The occurrence and significance of hand deformities in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Articular disease severity in rheumatoid subjects with and without Felty's syndrome.
Isolated ACTH deficiency presenting with bilateral frozen shoulder.
Papillon-Lefevre syndrome with acroosteolysis.
Improvement of scleromyxedema associated with isotretinoin therapy.
Successful high-dose calcium treatment of aluminum-induced metabolic bone disease in long-term home parenteral nutrition.
Comparison of an antiinflammatory dose of ibuprofen, an analgesic dose of ibuprofen, and acetaminophen in the treatment of patients with osteoarthritis of the knee
Primary orbital intraosseous hemangioma.
Bursitis of the tensor veli palatini muscle with an osteophyte on the pterygoid hamulus.
Cortical defects in the mandibular sulcus.
Prevalence of HLA-B27 in patients with back pain attending a pain clinic.
Effect of surgical menopause and estrogen replacement on cytokine release from human blood mononuclear cells.
Mutation in a gene for type I procollagen (COL1A2) in a woman with postmenopausal osteoporosis: evidence for phenotypic and genotypic overlap with mild osteogenesis imperfecta.
Exercise-induced muscle soreness after concentric and eccentric isokinetic contractions.
Pharmacologic manipulation of postoperative labial wound contraction and midfacial growth in rabbits.
Reconstruction of the entire upper eyelid area with a subcutaneous pedicle flap based on the orbicularis oculi muscle.
Chin disfigurement following removal of alloplastic chin implants.
Sacroiliitis: MR imaging findings.
Cervical spine hyperextension injuries: MR findings.
Vertebral density distribution pattern: CT classification of patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis.
Multiple giant cell tumors and Paget disease of bone: radiographic and clinical correlations.
Necrotizing fasciitis and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Pseudomonal osteomyelitis of the medial sesamoid bone.
Analysis and prevention of spinal column deformity following cervical laminectomy. I. Pathogenetic analysis of postlaminectomy deformities.
Vertebral alterations in Scheuermann's kyphosis.
Lumbar intervertebral foramens. An in vitro study of their shape in relation to intervertebral disc pathology.
The role of facet joint tropism and facet angle in disc degeneration.
Complications of the variable screw plate pedicle screw fixation.
Salmonella osteomyelitis of the skull base.
Nutrition epidemiology: how do we know what they ate?
Calcium absorption efficiency and calcium requirements in children and adolescents.
Dermal, intestinal, and renal obligatory losses of calcium: relation to skeletal calcium loss.
Calcium supplementation and bone loss: a review of controlled clinical trials.
T cell responses to polypeptide fractions of Borrelia burgdorferi in patients with Lyme arthritis.
Arthritis in patients infected with human T lymphotropic virus type I. Clinical and immunopathologic features.
Autosomal dominant arthropathy in a French family.
Acute familial myositis with a common autoimmune response.
Shoulder disorders in the elderly: a community survey.
SWR mice are resistant to collagen-induced arthritis but produce potentially arthritogenic antibodies.
Low back pain: review of diagnosis and therapy.
Herniated cervical disk presenting as ischemic chest pain.
Salmon calcitonin prevents cyclosporin-A-induced high turnover bone loss.
Aortic valve reconstruction in Rubinstein-Taybi-syndrome: the valuable aid of transesophageal echocardiography.
Recruitment of new osteoblasts and osteoclasts is the earliest critical event in the pathogenesis of human multiple myeloma.
Isolated muscle hypertrophy as a sign of radicular or peripheral nerve injury.
A modified technique for obliteration of large bony defects after cystectomy.
The incidence and relationship of cervical spine anomalies in patients with cleft lip and/or palate.
Early immobilization of mandibular fractures: a retrospective study.
Early diagnosis of osteoarthrosis of the temporomandibular joint: correlation between arthroscopic diagnosis and keratan sulfate levels in the synovial fluid.
Methylene blue stain guiding layered excision in Mohs' micrographic surgery.
Caffeine, moderate alcohol intake, and risk of fractures of the hip and forearm in middle-aged women.
Brucellosis as a cause of severe colitis.
Postmortem studies of the heart in three fatal cases of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Myonecrosis and myofibrosis as complications of sickle cell anemia.
Muscle rehabilitation: its effect on muscular and functional performance of patients with knee osteoarthritis.
Neurologically normal patients with suspected postpoliomyelitis syndrome: electromyographic assessment of past denervation.
Personality traits in the mechanisms of interferential therapy for osteoarthritic knee pain.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome secondary to L5 radiculopathy.
Treatment of De Quervain's tenosynovitis with corticosteroids. A prospective study of the response to local injection.
Elevated plasma levels of hyaluronate in patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
The GERI-AIMS. Reliability and validity of the arthritis impact measurement scales adapted for elderly respondents.
Monocyte-derived neutrophil chemotactic factor/interleukin-8 is a potential mediator of crystal-induced inflammation.
Hormone replacement therapy in general practice: a survey of doctors in the MRC's general practice research framework.
A method of ankle stabilization.
Wolf blade plate ankle arthrodesis.
The effect of capsular venting on glenohumeral laxity.
Osteonecrosis of the femoral head. A prospective randomized treatment protocol.
Valgus high tibial osteotomy. A long-term follow-up study.
Ankle arthrodesis using internal screw fixation.
The use of bone grafts and alloplastic materials in cranioplasty.
Transarticular cross-screw fixation. A technique of ankle arthrodesis.
Ankle arthrodesis in children.
Ankle arthrodesis with an anterior tension plate.
Ankle arthrodesis. A comparison of internal and external fixation.
Ankle arthrodesis. A comparison of an arthroscopic and an open method of treatment.
Early loss of neurogenic inflammation in the human diabetic foot.
Pulmonary function in individuals with a history of poliomyelitis.
Osteoporosis in late life: does health locus of control affect psychosocial adaptation?
Nonhealing extraction site due to Actinomyces naeslundii in patient with AIDS.
Psoriatic involvement of the temporomandibular joint. Literature review and report of two cases.
Chronic fatigue in children: clinical features, Epstein-Barr virus and human herpesvirus 6 serology and long term follow-up.
Clinical syndromes and differential diagnosis of spinal disorders.
Neuroanatomy and pathophysiology of pain related to spinal disorders.
Imaging modalities for evaluation of the spine.
Lumbar disc disease and stenosis.
Thoracic disc disease and stenosis.
Cervical stenosis, spondylosis, and herniated disc disease.
Magnetic resonance assessment of the postoperative spine. Degenerative disc disease.
Infectious and inflammatory processes of the spine.
Neoplastic disease of the spine.
The gene for Treacher Collins syndrome maps to the long arm of chromosome 5.
Mineral spirits inhalation associated with hemolysis, pulmonary edema, and ventricular fibrillation.
The osseointegration technique for the rehabilitation of the exenterated orbit.
Intraoperative death during lumbar discectomy.
Posterior spinal fusion in Sotos' syndrome.
The role of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in the maintenance of hypercalcemia in a patient with an ovarian carcinoma producing parathyroid hormone-related protein.
Long-term survival analysis in hereditary hemochromatosis.
Rhabdomyolysis and cutaneous necrosis following intravenous vasopressin infusion.
L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Comparison of indium-111 nonspecific polyclonal IgG with indium-111-leukocytes in a canine osteomyelitis model.
Hypercalciuria in children severely affected with osteogenesis imperfecta
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia: a newly recognized multisystem disease.
Effects of rat cytomegalovirus infection on immune functions in rats with collagen induced arthritis.
C-reactive protein as an index of disease activity. Comparison of tenidap, cyclophosphamide and dexamethasone in rat adjuvant arthritis.
Regulatory T cell activity specific to human type II and III collagens in rheumatoid arthritis.
Transient chondrocyte nonresponsiveness to insulin-like growth factor-1 upon H2O2 exposure is not related to IGF receptor damage.
Knee osteoarthritis and physical functioning: evidence from the NHANES I Epidemiologic Followup Study.
Improvement of psoriatic arthritis in a patient treated with bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia.
Deforming arthropathy complicating primary biliary cirrhosis.
Methotrexate treatment of multicentric reticulohistiocytosis.
Effect of dialysis membrane and patient's age on signs of dialysis-related amyloidosis. The Working Party on Dialysis Amyloidosis.
Secondary systemic amyloidosis: response and survival in 64 patients.
Cranial fasciitis: case report.
Neurologic complications of infective endocarditis.
Magnetic resonance imaging shows specific abnormalities in the MELAS syndrome.
Dominantly inherited mitochondrial myopathy with multiple deletions of mitochondrial DNA: clinical, morphologic, and biochemical studies.
Developing spinal column: gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging.
Low-back pain and disk degeneration in children: a case-control MR imaging study.
Low-back pain in adolescent athletes: detection of stress injury to the pars interarticularis with SPECT.
Osteomyelitis: characteristics and pitfalls of diagnosis with MR imaging.
CT-guided percutaneous transpedicular biopsy of the spine.
Patellofemoral joint: evaluation during active flexion with ultrafast spoiled GRASS MR imaging.
Efficacy of aztreonam in the treatment of skeletal infections due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Antibodies to Epstein-Barr virus in patients with chronic fatigue.
Focal myositis, a benign inflammatory pseudotumour: CT appearances.
Cranial nerve involvement and base of the skull erosion in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Pneumococcal septic arthritis of the knee in a patient with multiple myeloma.
Degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis with spinal stenosis. A prospective study comparing decompression with decompression and intertransverse process arthrodesis.
The outcome of decompressive laminectomy for degenerative lumbar stenosis.
Percutaneous posterolateral lumbar discectomy and decompression with a 6.9-millimeter cannula. Analysis of operative failures and complications.
Survivorship analysis of the uncemented porous-coated anatomic knee replacement [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Sep;73(8):1274]
Failure of centralization of the fibula for congenital longitudinal deficiency of the tibia.
Instability of the cervical spine after decompression in patients who have Arnold-Chiari malformation.
Rhabdomyolysis following total hip arthroplasty.
Anteromedial osteoarthritis of the knee.
Total replacement for post-traumatic arthritis of the elbow.
End-stage avascular necrosis of bone in renal transplant patients. The natural history.
Combined intertrochanteric and Chiari pelvic osteotomies for hip dysplasia.
Seasonal variation in the incidence of congenital talipes equinovarus.
Ultrasonography in transient synovitis and early Perthes' disease.
Problems encountered in leg shortening.
Osteolytic changes accompanying degradation of absorbable fracture fixation implants.
Does hypogonadism contribute to the occurrence of a minimal trauma hip fracture in elderly men?
Magnetic resonance imaging of the transverse atlantal ligament for the evaluation of atlantoaxial instability.
Predictors of outcome in children hospitalized with maxillofacial infections: a linear logistic model.
Treatment of a large odontogenic keratocyst using the Brosch procedure.
Nongynecologic somatic pathology in women with chronic pelvic pain and negative laparoscopy.
Maternally inherited myopathy and cardiomyopathy: association with mutation in mitochondrial DNA tRNA(Leu)(UUR).
Acute inflammation: the underlying mechanism in delayed onset muscle soreness?
Analysis of inflammatory cells and complement C3 in bupivacaine-induced myonecrosis.
Repair of the severely contracted socket with meshed skin graft and semi-rigid conformer.
Mechanisms of musculoskeletal sepsis.
Musculoskeletal infections in immunocompromised hosts.
Diagnostic imaging of musculoskeletal infection. Roentgenography; gallium, indium-labeled white blood cell, gammaglobulin, bone scintigraphy; and MRI.
Toxicities of antimicrobial agents used to treat osteomyelitis.
Does hyperbaric oxygen have a place in the treatment of osteomyelitis?
Diabetic foot infections.
Infectious disease of the spine. Diagnostic and treatment considerations.
Osteomyelitis. The Ilizarov perspective.
The effect of chronic orthopedic infection on quality of life.
The muscle flap in the treatment of chronic lower extremity osteomyelitis: results in patients over 5 years after treatment.
Alternating-pattern Z-plasties in association with V-Y advancements: a new idea of multiple Z-plasties.
Function of the homeodomain protein GHF1 in pituitary cell proliferation.
Bacterial osteomyelitis: findings on plain radiography, CT, MR, and scintigraphy.
Bone collagen, mineral and trace element composition, histomorphometry and urinary hydroxyproline excretion in chronically-treated alcohol-fed rats.
Cis-platinum chemotherapy for ocular basal cell carcinoma.
Solitary extramedullary plasmacytoma of the maxillary antrum and orbit presenting as acute bacterial orbital cellulitis.
Ptosis caused by pachydermoperiostosis.
Intra-articular distension and steroids in the management of capsulitis of the shoulder.
Rowing and sculling and the older athlete.
Alpine skiing and the mature athlete.
Arthritis and athletics.
Exercise participation after menopause.
Differentiation of HL-60 cells into cells with the osteoclast phenotype.
Normal bone density of the wrist and spine and increased wrist fractures in girls with Turner's syndrome.
Detection of circulating endothelial antigen.
Supravital staining of cells in noninflammatory synovial fluids: analysis of the effect of crystals on cell populations.
The value of bupivicaine hip injection in the differentiation of coxarthrosis from lower extremity neuropathy.
Hypertrophic repair of canine articular cartilage in osteoarthritis after anterior cruciate ligament transection.
Anterior (cranial) cruciate ligament transection in the dog: a bona fide model of osteoarthritis, not merely of cartilage injury and repair.
Vertebral osteomyelitis caused by Nocardia asteroides: report and review of the literature.
Rheumatoid iliopsoas bursitis presenting as unilateral femoral nerve palsy.
Seronegative symmetric polyarthritis in Sezary syndrome.
Interstitial lung disease and cryoglobulinemia in polymyositis.
Pyogenic arthritis caused by Streptococcus milleri in a nonimmunocompromised host.
Rapid loss of vertebral mineral density after renal transplantation.
Evidence for the effects of a superantigen in rheumatoid arthritis.
X-linked hypophosphatemia. Genetic and clinical correlates.
Observation of spinal canal and cisternae with the newly developed small-diameter, flexible fiberscopes.
Immunocytochemical and virological characteristics of HIV-associated inflammatory myopathies: similarities with seronegative polymyositis.
Coculture with autologous myotubes of cytotoxic T cells isolated from muscle in inflammatory myopathies.
Eosinophilia myalgia syndrome: I. Immunocytochemical evidence for a T-cell-mediated immune effector response.
Applying psychometric criteria to functional assessment in medical rehabilitation: I. Exploring unidimensionality.
Leg-length discrepancy: effect on the amplitude of postural sway.
Rehabilitation dimensions of AIDS: a review.
Synovial fluid 5'-nucleotidase activity. Relationship to other purine catabolic enzymes and to arthropathies associated with calcium crystal deposition.
Treatment of collagen-induced arthritis in rats with a monoclonal antibody against the alpha/beta T cell antigen receptor.
Enkephalinase: a physiologic neuroimmunomodulator detected in the synovial fluid.
Treatment of refractory chronic Lyme arthritis with arthroscopic synovectomy.
The latex test revisited. Rheumatoid factor testing in 8,287 rheumatic disease patients.
Occupation, income, and education as independent covariates of arthritis in four national probability samples.
Bone density in women receiving depot medroxyprogesterone acetate for contraception [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Jul 27;303(6796):220]
The metabolic bone disease of primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Rates of vertebral bone loss before and after liver transplantation in women with primary biliary cirrhosis.
Spotlight on lasers. A look at potential benefits.
Thoracic outlet syndrome caused by tumor of the first rib.
Imaging of haemodialysis-associated amyloidosis with 123I-serum amyloid P component.
Non-trauma mortality in elderly women with low bone mineral density. Study of Osteoporotic Fractures Research Group.
Electromyographic recordings of low back pain subjects and non-pain controls in six different positions: effect of pain levels.
Chronic fatigue in adolescents.
Stop codon in the procollagen II gene (COL2A1) in a family with the Stickler syndrome (arthro-ophthalmopathy).
The effect of decompression on the natural course of spinal stenosis. A comparison of surgically treated and untreated patients.
Postoperative computed tomography three months after lumbar disc surgery. A prospective single-blind study.
Diagnostic accuracy and clinical utility of thermography for lumbar radiculopathy. A meta-analysis.
Disc degeneration in magnetic resonance imaging. A comparative biochemical, histologic, and radiologic study in cadaver spines.
In vivo and ex vivo magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of early disc degeneration with histopathologic correlation.
Change of disc height, radial disc bulge, and intradiscal pressure from discectomy. An in vitro investigation on human lumbar discs.
An analysis of normal back shape measured by ISIS scanning.
Normal cervical spine morphometry and cervical spinal stenosis in asymptomatic professional football players. Plain film radiography, multiplanar computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging.
Intervertebral disc injury complicating cervical spine trauma.
The effect of spinal implant rigidity on vertebral bone density. A canine model.
Patients avoiding surgery. Pathology and one-year life status follow-up.
Clinical correlation between degenerative spine disease and dermatomal somatosensory-evoked potentials in humans.
Awake discography. A comparison study with magnetic resonance imaging.
The importance of posterior epidural fat pad in lumbar central canal stenosis.
Lumbar facet fracture as a possible source of pain after lumbar laminectomy.
Triangulation of pedicular instrumentation. A biomechanical analysis.
Reduction of high-grade slips (grades III-V) with VSP instrumentation. Report of a series of 41 cases.
Impact of magnetic resonance imaging on the management of diabetic foot infections.
Fatal theophylline poisoning with rhabdomyolysis. A potential role for dantrolene treatment.
Chemical meningism after lumbar facet joint block with local anaesthetic and steroids.
Incidence and management of airway problems in the CHARGE Association.
Idiopathic and L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilic fasciitis before and after L-tryptophan contamination.
Effect of intervention on development of hip posture in very preterm babies.
Herniated cervical disk presenting as ischemic chest pain.
Modified approach for ethmoid and anterior skull base surgery.
Psoriatic arthritis (PA): a clinical, immunological and radiological study of 180 patients.
Predictors of the long-term outcome of early synovitis: a 5-year follow-up study.
Inorganic pyrophosphate, nucleoside triphosphate pyrophosphatase, and cartilage fragments in normal human synovial fluid.
A limited association of generalized osteoarthritis with alleles at the type II collagen locus: COL2A1.
Oestrogen, the prevention of bone loss and osteoporosis.
Which patients see a rheumatologist? SWRACR (South Western Regional Advisory Committee on Rheumatology).
Fuller Albright. His concept of postmenopausal osteoporosis and what came of it.
Pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis with paralysis. Prognosis and treatment.
Chemonucleolysis in the herniated L3-L4 disk.
Sublaminar fixation in lumbosacral fusions.
Shoulder impingement syndrome. A critical review.
Differences in shoulder muscle activity between patients with generalized joint laxity and normal controls.
Sesamoid disorders and treatment. An update.
Compartment syndrome of the foot after intraarticular calcaneal fracture.
Symptomatic talocalcaneal coalition. Its clinical significance and treatment.
Patient activity, sports participation, and impact loading on the durability of cemented total hip replacements.
Plasmapheresis in a case of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome with ascending polyneuropathy.
Hemopericardium: a late complication after repair of pectus excavatum.
Cationic Yersinia antigen-induced chronic allergic arthritis in rats. A model for reactive arthritis in humans.
Excess mortality in giant cell arteritis.
Necrotizing fasciitis in irradiated tissue from diabetic women. A report of two cases.
Marital status in rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic disorders: a study of 7,293 patients.
Presence of immunoreactive endothelin in synovial fluid: analysis of 22 cases.
Effect of bucillamine (SA96) on type II collagen induced arthritis in rats.
Primary ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic and enteropathic spondyloarthropathy: a controlled analysis.
Susceptibility of normal human joint tissue to viruses.
Chondrocyte nonresponsiveness of arthritic articular cartilage caused by short term immobilization.
Synovial fluid ATP: a potential substrate for the production of inorganic pyrophosphate.
Rheumatic manifestations in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Common variable hypogammaglobulinemia presenting as nontypable Haemophilus influenzae septic arthritis in an adult.
Mycobacterium gastri arthritis: septic arthritis due to Mycobacterium gastri in a patient with a renal transplant.
Scleroderma-like fasciitis without eosinophilia after L-tryptophan ingestion.
Ciprofloxacin: drug of choice in the treatment of malignant external otitis (MEO).
Prognosis in AZT myopathy.
Steroid-induced weakness in patients with primary brain tumors.
Dystrophin deficiency in young girls with sporadic myopathy and normal karyotype.
Tissue eosinophilia and eosinophil degranulation in orbital pseudotumor.
Changing pattern of bone and joint infections due to Staphylococcus aureus: study of cases of bacteremia in Denmark, 1959-1988.
Intestinal injury after lumbar discectomy.
Rehabilitation in rheumatic diseases. What's new.
Postpolio syndrome and cardiopulmonary conditioning.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated diseases: a rheumatologist's perspective.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results: IV. Additional perspectives on the tolerability of lovastatin.
Pyomyositis in patients with the human immunodeficiency virus: an unusual form of disseminated bacterial infection.
Efficacy of intravenous gammaglobulin therapy in chronic refractory polymyositis and dermatomyositis: an open study with 20 adult patients.
Treatment of dermatomyositis with intravenous gammaglobulin.
Concomitant lymphangioma and arteriovenous malformation of the orbit.
The current state of functional knee bracing research. A review of the literature.
The long-term followup of primary anterior cruciate ligament repair. Defining a rationale for augmentation.
Biomechanics of the golf swing in players with pathologic conditions of the forearm, wrist, and hand.
Quadriceps contusions. West Point update.
Metabolic consequences of (regional) total pancreatectomy.
Osteochondritis dissecans.
Weight lifting. Risks and injuries to the shoulder.
Arthroscopic treatment of Panner's disease.
Chronic and recurrent ankle sprains.
Arthroscopic management of transchondral talar-dome fractures (osteochondritis dissecans) and anterior impingement lesions of the ankle joint.
A study of elastic tissue and actinic radiation in "aging," temporal arteritis, polymyalgia rheumatica, and atherosclerosis. The actinic storm in the modern world.
Amyopathic dermatomyositis (dermatomyositis sine myositis). Presentation of six new cases and review of the literature.
Toxic oil syndrome: a current clinical and epidemiologic summary, including comparisons with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Suppressive effects of monocytic cells and transforming growth factor-beta on natural killer cell differentiation in autoimmune viable motheaten mutant mice.
Immunohistology of temporal arteritis: phenotyping of infiltrating cells and deposits of complement components.
Retrospective long-term follow-up analysis in 21 patients with chordomas of various sites treated at a single institution.
Anomalous rib presenting as cervical myelopathy: a previously unreported variant of Klippel-Feil syndrome. Case report.
Noninvasive grading of musculoskeletal tumors using PET.
The natural history of minicore-multicore myopathy.
Infantile Pompe's disease, lipid storage, and partial carnitine deficiency.
Dynamic F waves in neurogenic claudication.
Inclusion body myositis with cricopharyngeus muscle involvement and severe dysphagia.
Intrathecal immune response in patients with the post-polio syndrome.
Computed tomography of the postoperative intervertebral disc and lumbar spinal canal: serial long-term investigation in 19 patients after successful operation for lumbar disc herniation.
Spontaneous spinal subdural hematoma: case report and review of the literature.
Herniated L4-L5 disc after placement of Harrington instrumentation for a fracture of the thoracolumbar spine.
The role of radiosurgery in the management of chordoma and chondrosarcoma of the cranial base.
Collagen vascular diseases of childhood.
Long-term complications of polyurethane-covered breast implants.
Comparative experience with smooth and polyurethane breast implants using the Kaplan-Meier method of survival analysis.
Postoperative bone marrow alterations: potential pitfalls in the diagnosis of osteomyelitis with In-111-labeled leukocyte scintigraphy.
Simulated aggressive skull base erosion in response to benign sinonasal disease.
Membranous lipodystrophy: MR imaging appearance of the brain.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: findings on chest radiographs in 18 patients.
Cervical paraspinal calcification in collagen vascular diseases.
Diagnosis of osteomyelitis of the foot in diabetic patients: value of 111In-leukocyte scintigraphy.
Acute airway obstruction, hypertension and kyphoscoliosis.
Rhabdomyolysis and operating position.
Natural history of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Dermatomyositis responding to treatment of associated toxoplasmosis.
Management of the pregnant woman with spinal cord injuries.
Fine needle aspiration biopsy in orbital tumours.
Fibrous dysplasia of the skull: disease activity in relation to age.
Morphometric evidence for bone resorption and replacement in prostate cancer.
Necrotizing fasciitis.
Familial juvenile gouty nephropathy with renal urate hypoexcretion preceding renal disease.
Direct and sex-specific enhancement of bone formation and calcification by sex steroids in fetal mice long bone in vitro (biochemical and morphometric study.
Functional antagonism between endogenous mouse growth hormone (GH) and a GH analog results in dwarf transgenic mice.
Two distinct effects of recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-alpha on osteoclast development and subsequent resorption of mineralized matrix.
Radiographic detection of metal-induced synovitis as a complication of arthroplasty of the knee.
Transient penetration of the hip joint during in situ cannulated-screw fixation of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Total acromionectomy. A twenty-year review.
Osteoarthrotic changes after acute transarticular load. An animal model.
Comparison of intact, midregion, and carboxy terminal assays of parathyroid hormone for the diagnosis of bone disease in hemodialyzed patients.
Calcium supplementation reduces vertebral bone loss in perimenopausal women: a controlled trial in 248 women between 46 and 55 years of age.
Malakoplakia of the temporal bone in a nine-month-old infant.
Posterior fossa ependymomas: report of 30 cases and review of the literature.
Cervical spondylotic myelopathy: treatment with posterior decompression and Luque rectangle bone fusion.
Depression and chronic fatigue in children. A masquerade ball.
Depression, chronic fatigue syndrome, and the adolescent.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the high school student and athlete.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the college student-athlete.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the patient with heart disease.
Depression and chronic fatigue in cancer patients.
Chronic fatigue and depression in the ambulatory patient.
Depression and chronic fatigue. Indications for psychiatric consultation.
Maffucci's syndrome associated with intracranial enchondroma and aneurysm: case report.
Lung function in adult idiopathic scoliosis: a 20 year follow up.
Understanding osteoporosis.
The urinary excretion of the collagen degradation markers pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline in an experimental rat model of alcoholic bone disease.
Motor unit firing rates in postpolio and control subjects during submaximal contraction.
Human parvovirus B19 and its associated diseases.
Serum aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: relation to liver fibrosis and arthritis.
Papular mucinosis in L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
MRI in the management of suspected cervical spondylotic myelopathy.
Wildervanck or cervico-oculo-acoustic syndrome and MRI findings.
Partial, non-thrombotic, superior sagittal sinus occlusion due to occipital skull tumours.
Protein deficiency suppresses bone resorption in sheep based on a short-term in vivo bone model.
Juvenile hyaline fibromatosis: a report of two severe cases.
Treatment of children with Down syndrome and growth retardation with recombinant human growth hormone.
Sticks and stones may break my bones ... reasoning about illness causality and body functioning in children who have a chronic illness.
Expression of a partially deleted gene of human type II procollagen (COL2A1) in transgenic mice produces a chondrodysplasia.
Effects of ultrasound and trolamine salicylate phonophoresis on delayed-onset muscle soreness.
Lymphangiosarcoma associated with lymphedema in a man with Maffucci's syndrome.
Strongyloides stercoralis hyperinfection and central nervous system involvement in a patient with relapsing polychondritis.
The diabetic foot: consequences of delayed treatment and referral.
Dupuytren's contracture.
Identification of human remains lacking skull and teeth. A case report with some methodological considerations.
Respiration-deficient cells are caused by a single point mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA-Leu (UUR) gene in mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and strokelike episodes (MELAS).
A unique mutation in the vitamin D receptor gene in three Japanese patients with vitamin D-dependent rickets type II: utility of single-strand conformation polymorphism analysis for heterozygous carrier detection.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on wintertime and overall bone loss in healthy postmenopausal women.
Survival and management considerations in postirradiation osteosarcoma and Paget's osteosarcoma.
Radiation and pagetic osteogenic sarcomas.
A longitudinal study of growth velocity and development of secondary gender characteristics versus onset of idiopathic scoliosis.
Pseudoaneurysm of the popliteal artery as a complication of an osteochondroma. A review of the literature and a case report.
The use of methylmethacrylate in primary total knee replacements with large tibial defects.
Nonspecific findings on MR imaging. The importance of correlative studies and clinical information.
Regional fasciocutaneous flaps for the burned axilla.
Pressure therapy for the control of hypertrophic scar formation after burn injury. A history and review.
Peripheral ameloblastoma: a clinical and histologic study of 11 cases.
Chronic perineal pain related to sacral meningeal cysts.
Lumbar disc surgery: results of the Prospective Lumbar Discectomy Study of the Joint Section on Disorders of the Spine and Peripheral Nerves of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Craniofacial growth from infancy through adulthood. Background and clinical implications.
Structural abnormalities of the craniofacial complex and congenital malformations.
Polyclonal human immunoglobulin G labeled with polymeric iron oxide: antibody MR imaging.
Pathogenic significance of serum components in the development of autoimmune polyarthritis in MRL/Mp mice bearing the lymphoproliferation gene.
Abnormal differentiation of tissue macrophage populations in 'osteopetrosis' (op) mice defective in the production of macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita. Caesarean section under epidural anaesthesia.
Gemfibrozil-induced myopathy.
Dental implants placed in a patient with multiple myeloma: report of case
Renal haemodynamics of cyclosporin A nephrotoxicity in children with juvenile dermatomyositis.
Results of spinal arthrodesis with pedicle screw-plate fixation.
Long-term roentgenographic and functional changes in patients who were treated with wide fenestration for central lumbar stenosis.
Vibratory response in adolescents who have idiopathic scoliosis.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of partial growth arrest after physeal injuries in children.
The symptomatic os subfibulare. Avulsion fracture of the fibula associated with recurrent instability of the ankle.
Use of monoclonal antibodies to recognise osteoclasts in routinely processed bone biopsy specimens.
Rectus sheath hematoma in an anticoagulated patient.
Psychiatric illness in patients with chronic fatigue and those with rheumatoid arthritis
Temporalis myofascial flap for maxillofacial reconstruction.
Tissue responses to degenerative changes in the temporomandibular joint: a review.
Bridging of mandibular defects with two different reconstruction systems: an experimental study.
Chronic fatigue syndrome: clinical condition associated with immune activation.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the muscles in patients with polymyositis and dermatomyositis.
Autosomal recessive distal dystrophy.
Fetal akinesia deformation sequence (Pena-Shokeir phenotype) associated with acquired intrauterine brain damage.
Dacryocystorhinostomy in osteopetrosis.
Cervical necrotizing fasciitis of odontogenic origin.
Osteomyelitis of the mandible as a result of sickle cell disease. Report and literature review.
Familial nemaline myopathy: case reports.
Glandular odontogenic cyst: clinicopathologic analysis of three cases.
Peripheral odontogenic fibroma: a clinicopathologic study.
Pectus excavatum: a 15-year perspective.
Reactive arthritis due to hidradenitis suppurativa mimicking osteomyelitis.
Percutaneous procedures for the diagnosis and treatment of lower back pain: diskography, facet-joint injection, and epidural injection.
Osteoarthritis of the knee: comparison of radiography, CT, and MR imaging to assess extent and severity.
Diagnosis of osteomyelitis in the presence of soft-tissue infection and radiologic evidence of osseous abnormalities: value of leukocyte scintigraphy.
Abnormalities of the foot in patients with diabetes mellitus: findings on MR imaging.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug-associated gastropathy: incidence and risk factor models
Strongly succinate dehydrogenase-reactive blood vessels in muscles from patients with mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes.
Zidovudine myopathy: a distinctive disorder associated with mitochondrial dysfunction.
Deletion of mitochondrial DNA in patients with combined features of Kearns-Sayre and MELAS syndromes.
The Istituto Rizzoli-Beretta experience with osteosarcoma of the jaw.
Lovastatin-associated rhabdomyolysis.
A quantitative approach to radiography of the lower limb. Principles and applications.
Arthroscopic stapling for detached superior glenoid labrum.
Quantifying bone loss from the proximal femur after total hip arthroplasty.
Total arthroplasty of the hip after childhood sepsis.
Intracapsular fractures of the neck of femur. Parallel or crossed garden screws?
Distal transfer of the greater trochanter.
Pachydysostosis of the fibula.
Vascularised fibular graft for congenital pseudarthrosis of the tibia. Long-term results.
Progressive noninfectious anterior vertebral fusion.
Proteus syndrome. Ultrastructural study of linear verrucous and depigmented nevi.
Extracardiac vascular and neural lesions in the toxic oil syndrome.
Neutralization-resistant antigenic variants of caprine arthritis-encephalitis lentivirus associated with progressive arthritis.
Cysts of the neuraxis of endodermal origin.
Intra-operative recording of motor tract potentials at the cervico-medullary junction following scalp electrical and magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex.
Predictors of fractures in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in serum and its relationship to T cell abnormality and clinical manifestations of the disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
The impact of increased contact on psychosocial outcomes in patients with osteoarthritis: a randomized, controlled trial.
Antiinflammatory and antiarthritic properties of a substituted quinoline carboxylic acid: CL 306,293.
Hydroxyapatite crystals are a frequent finding in osteoarthritic synovial fluid, but are not related to increased concentrations of keratan sulfate or interleukin 1 beta.
Juvenile progressive systemic sclerosis: report of five cases.
Distal interphalangeal joint abnormalities in children with polyarticular juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Group G streptococcus septic arthritis and osteomyelitis: report and literature review.
Relapsing polychondritis and Reiter's syndrome.
Primary chest wall tumor appearing as frozen shoulder. Review and case presentations.
Jaccoud's-type arthropathy: an association with sarcoidosis.
Long-term results after lateral cranial base surgery.
Craniofacial suture stenosis: morphologic effects.
An unknown syndrome of nose deformity, oxycephaly, aplasia of the nasolacrimal ducts, and symmetrical cyst formation on the upper lip in siblings: craniorhiny.
Case report: Crouzon syndrome with short stature.
Modification of the Bankart reconstruction with a suture anchor. Report of a new technique.
Polymyositis after ciguatera toxin exposure.
Suppression of adjuvant arthritis in Lewis rats by oral administration of type II collagen.
Invasive aspergillosis of the maxilla in an immunocompromised patient.
Soft-tissue tumors of the foot: value of MR imaging for specific diagnosis.
Injury of the Achilles tendon: diagnosis with sonography.
Immunogenetics of polymyalgia rheumatica.
Immunochemical analysis of the alpha-subunit of the stimulatory G-protein of adenylyl cyclase in patients with Albright's hereditary osteodystrophy.
IL-6 is produced by osteoblasts and induces bone resorption.
Intrathoracic meningocele associated with neurofibromatosis: case report.
Massive ossifying fibroma of the temporal bone.
Mutations of the Gs alpha-subunit gene in Albright hereditary osteodystrophy detected by denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis.
MR imaging of fractures of the growth plate.
MR imaging of the normal and abnormal clivus.
Antibodies to the mycobacterial 65-kd heat-shock protein are reactive with synovial tissue of adjuvant arthritic rats and patients with rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
Extracellular matrix disruption and pain after eccentric muscle action.
Third place--Resident Basic Science Award 1990. Interleukin 1 causing bone destruction in middle ear cholesteatoma.
Hereditary hyperparathyroidism and multiple ossifying jaw fibromas: a clinically and genetically distinct syndrome.
Rheumatoid arthritis of the knee: value of gadopentetate dimeglumine-enhanced MR imaging.
Interleukin-6 in serum of patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and giant cell arteritis.
IFN-gamma inhibits inflammatory cell recruitment and the evolution of bacterial cell wall-induced arthritis.
Treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis with interferon gamma.
Role of cytokines in inflammatory synovitis. The coordinate regulation of intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and HLA class I and class II antigens in rheumatoid synovial fibroblasts.
Different hepatobiliary effects of oral and transdermal estradiol in postmenopausal women.
Bone matrix constituents stimulate interleukin-1 release from human blood mononuclear cells.
Inhibition by a new bisphosphonate (AHBuBP) of bone resorption induced by the MBT-2 tumor of mice.
The effect of carbonic anhydrase inhibition on calcium and bone homeostasis in healthy postmenopausal women.
Lateral rhachotomy for thoracic spinal lesions.
Increased serum osteocalcin levels in patients with lactase deficiency.
Ethane 1-hydroxy-1, 1-diphosphonate (EHDP) counteracts the inhibitory effect of uranyl nitrate on bone formation.
T-gamma-lymphoproliferative disorder arising in a background of autoimmune disease and terminating in plasma cell dyscrasia with primary amyloidosis.
A case of mitochondrial myopathy, lactic acidosis and complex I deficiency.
N-(fluorenyl-9-methoxycarbonyl) amino acids, a class of antiinflammatory agents with a different mechanism of action [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Mar 15;88(6):2612]
Effects of indomethacin and calcitonin on bone absorption in type II collagen-induced otosclerosis-like lesions in rats.
Meningiomas of the lateral skull base: neurotologic manifestations and patterns of recurrence.
Somatosensory and magnetic evoked potentials in a postoperative paraparetic patient: case report.
Do non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs increase colonic permeability?
Differential diagnosis of fatal and benign cytochrome c oxidase-deficient myopathies of infancy: an immunohistochemical approach.
A clinical perspective on common forms of acquired heterotopic ossification.
Total hip replacement with cemented, uncemented, and hybrid prostheses. A comparison of clinical and radiographic results at two to four years.
Gadopentetate dimeglumine-enhanced MR imaging of the musculoskeletal system.
Automated percutaneous lumbar diskectomy.
MR imaging in fibromatosis: results in 26 patients with pathologic correlation.
Deferoxamine-induced bone dysplasia in patients with thalassemia major.
Aortic thrombosis after umbilical artery catheterization in neonates: prevalence of complications on long-term follow-up.
Spontaneous fractures of the long bones in nursing home patients.
Polymyositis mediated by T lymphocytes that express the gamma/delta receptor.
Successful treatment of pure myopathy, associated with complex I deficiency, with riboflavin and carnitine.
Radiographic evaluation of intraosseous implants of endodontic materials.
Glomus tumors of the temporal bone: electron microscopic and immunohistochemical evaluation.
Management of temporal bone carcinomas: a therapeutic analysis of two groups of patients and long-term followup.
Heterotopic bone formation after hip replacement. The influence of the type of osteoarthritis.
Osteomyelitis of the skull base, etiology unknown.
Autoantibodies and rheumatic disorders in a neurology inpatient population: a prospective study.
Megaduodenum due to hollow visceral myopathy successfully managed by duodenoplasty and feeding jejunostomy.
Expression of the interleukin 6 gene in rheumatoid synovial fibroblasts.
Review of laboratory findings for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Hemarthrosis in patients with acquired factor VIII inhibitor.
Platelet dysfunction in Noonan's syndrome. A case with a platelet cyclooxygenase-like deficiency and chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Thoracic myelopathy caused by ossification of the ligamentum flavum. Clinicopathologic study and surgical treatment.
Intraoperative radiotherapy of skull base cancer.
Increased MR signal intensity due to cervical myelopathy. Analysis of 29 surgical cases.
Osteochondrodysplasia in Fryns syndrome.
Regulation of cytosolic calcium by parathyroid hormone and oscillations of cytosolic calcium in fibroblasts from normal and pseudohypoparathyroid patients.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and antihypertensives.
Magnetic resonance imaging signs of optic nerve gliomas in neurofibromatosis 1.
Prevention of chronic erosive streptococcal cell wall-induced arthritis in rats by treatment with a monoclonal antibody against the T cell antigen receptor alpha beta.
Mitochondrial DNA and Parkinson's disease.
Etidronate for hypercalcemia of malignancy and osteoporosis.
Laser radiation at various wavelengths for decompression of intervertebral disk. Experimental observations on human autopsy specimens.
HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor-induced myopathy in the rat: cyclosporine A interaction and mechanism studies.
Parenteral drug products containing aluminum as an ingredient or a contaminant: response to Food and Drug Administration notice of intent and request for information. ASCN/A.S.P.E.N. Working Group on Standards for Aluminum Content of Parenteral Nutrition Solutions.
Misoprostol compared with sucralfate in the prevention of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug-induced gastric ulcer. A randomized, controlled trial.
Selective expansion of T cells bearing the gamma/delta receptor and expressing an unusual repertoire in the synovial membrane of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Transoral decompression evaluated by cine-mode magnetic resonance imaging: a case of basilar impression accompanied by Chiari malformation.
Effect of aspirin on heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty in men who have osteoarthrosis.
Dysplasia epiphysealis capitis femoris. Meyer's dysplasia.
Effect of daily etidronate on the osteolysis of multiple myeloma.
A double blind randomized parallel trial of intramuscular methotrexate and gold sodium thiomalate in early erosive rheumatoid arthritis.
Extravascular fibrin formation and dissolution in synovial tissue of patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Avian osteoclasts as estrogen target cells.
Treatment of compound fractures.
Bacteremia and septic arthritis caused by Moraxella catarrhalis.
Small area analysis of hospital discharges for musculoskeletal diseases in Michigan: the influence of socioeconomic factors.
Role of Mls-1 locus and clonal deletion of T cells in susceptibility to collagen-induced arthritis in mice.
Unsuspected osteomyelitis in diabetic foot ulcers. Diagnosis and monitoring by leukocyte scanning with indium in 111 oxyquinoline.
Arthropathy of the ankle in hemophilia.
Rhabdomyolysis in children: a 3-year retrospective study.
Ossifying fibroma of the mid-face and paranasal sinuses: diagnostic and therapeutic considerations.
Marshall-Smith syndrome: new radiographic, clinical, and pathologic observations.
Pertussis toxin inhibits hormonal stimulation of bone resorption in fetal rat limb bones.
Early detection of skin and muscular involvement in Lafora disease.
A tRNA(Lys) mutation in the mtDNA is the causal genetic lesion underlying myoclonic epilepsy and ragged-red fiber (MERRF) syndrome.
