Treatment of Fournier's gangrene with adjunctive hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
EEG correlation of improvement in hemolytic-uremic syndrome after plasma infusion.
Reversible myopathy due to labetalol.
Uremic platelets have a functional defect affecting the interaction of von Willebrand factor with glycoprotein IIb-IIIa.
Renal replacement treatment for diabetic patients in Newcastle upon Tyne and the Northern region, 1964-88.
Outcome of renal replacement treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Flexible cystoscopy as an adjunct to extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy.
Renal carcinoma in a solitary kidney.
Use of the double pigtail stent in stone retrieval following unsuccessful ureteroscopy.
Immunofluorescent and histochemical staining confirm the identification of the many diseases called interstitial cystitis.
Do women with idiopathic sensory urgency have early interstitial cystitis?
Cell cycling in bladder carcinoma determined by monoclonal antibody Ki67.
Superficial bladder cancer in patients under 40 years of age. Efficacy of topical prophylaxis.
Cobb's collar--a forgotten entity.
Permanent external striated sphincter stents in patients with spinal injuries.
Symptoms versus flow rates versus urodynamics in the selection of patients for prostatectomy.
Pathological classification and follow-up of prostatic lesions initially diagnosed as "suspicious of malignancy".
Granulomatous orchitis. Review of 15 cases.
Myocarditis or acute myocardial infarction associated with interleukin-2 therapy for cancer.
Pathologic delineation of the papillonodular type of cystic partially differentiated nephroblastoma. A review of 11 cases.
Analysis of bladder carcinoma by subsite. Cystoscopic location may have prognostic value.
Myxoid malignant fibrous histiocytoma of the bladder.
Evaluation of new rapid office test for microalbuminuria and its comparison to fully quantitative radioimmunoassay.
Comparison of albumin excretion rate obtained with different times of collection.
Relationship of psychiatric illness to impotence in men with diabetes.
Treatment of idiopathic testicular failure with high-dose testosterone undecanoate: a double-blind pilot study.
A portable digital data recorder for long-term monitoring of scrotal temperatures
Analysis of sperm function in globozoospermia: implications for the mechanism of sperm-zona interaction.
Genitourinary mycobacteria in infertile Egyptian men.
Development of hypertension from unilateral renal artery stenosis in conscious dogs.
Comparison of converting enzyme inhibitor and calcium channel blocker in hypertensive glomerular injury.
Mechanical cardiopulmonary support for refractory cardiogenic shock.
Essential fatty acid deficiency ameliorates acute renal dysfunction in the rat after the administration of the aminonucleoside of puromycin.
Induction of renal growth and injury in the intact rat kidney by dietary deficiency of antioxidants.
Testicular sex cord stromal tumour with granulosa cell differentiation: detection of steroid hormone receptors as a possible basis for tumour development and therapeutic management.
An external urine collection device for incontinent women. Evaluation of long-term use.
Acute effects of captopril and ibuprofen on proteinuria in patients with nephrosis.
Suppression of urinary albumin excretion in diabetic rats by 4'(imidazol-1-yl) acetophenone, a selective inhibitor of thromboxane synthesis.
Posttransplant anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis in related males with Alport syndrome.
Extradural implantation of sacral anterior root stimulators.
Therapy of renal cell carcinoma with interleukin-2 and lymphokine-activated killer cells: phase II experience with a hybrid bolus and continuous infusion interleukin-2 regimen.
Phase I study of interleukin-2 and interferon alfa-2a as outpatient therapy for patients with advanced malignancy.
Combined versus sequential chemo-endocrine therapy in advanced prostate cancer: final results of a randomized Southwest Oncology Group study.
Cardiovascular effects of microinjection of angiotensin II in the brainstem of renal hypertensive rats.
Beneficial effects of long-term treatment with SK&F 105685 in murine lupus nephritis.
Problems in the clinical diagnosis of stress incontinence.
Nonsurgical treatment of detrusor overactivity in postmenopausal women.
Histology of the connection between the vagina and levator ani muscles. Implications for urinary tract function.
Predictive value of urethroscopy as compared to urodynamics in the diagnosis of genuine stress incontinence.
Urethral mobility and its relationship to stress incontinence in women.
Urinary tract infection in women. Current role of single-dose therapy.
Genital prolapse with and without urinary incontinence.
Importance of a neurologic evaluation in women with lower urinary tract dysfunction.
A practical approach to the painful bladder syndrome.
Pulmonary-renal syndrome with "triad" involvement due to small vessel vasculitis.
Rise in prostatic cancer incidence associated with increased use of transurethral resection
Unexplained excess risk of bladder cancer in men.
Extrarenal production of calcitriol.
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: indications, surgical approach and the use of calcitriol.
Unsuspected syphilitic hepatitis in a patient with low-grade proteinuria and abnormal liver function
Contraceptive efficacy of testosterone-induced azoospermia in normal men. World Health Organization Task Force on methods for the regulation of male fertility
The diagnosis and prognosis of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Plasma prorenin activity and complications in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
The epidemiology and clinical aspects of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in Minnesota
Postoperative urinary tract infection in gynecology: implications for an antibiotic prophylaxis policy.
Combined vesicovaginal-ureterovaginal fistulas associated with a vaginal foreign body.
Fetal posterior urethral valve syndrome: a prospective application of antenatal prognostic criteria.
Congenital nephrosis as a cause of elevated alpha-fetoprotein.
Successful renal transplantation accelerates development in young uremic children.
Hemolytic-uremic syndrome in children. A serious hazard of undercooked beef.
Promoter deletion and loss of retinoblastoma gene expression in human prostate carcinoma.
Clinicopathological features of childhood nephrotic syndrome in northern Nigeria
Prognostic factors in acute renal failure following aortic aneurysm surgery.
Experimental treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia with transurethral balloon dilation of the prostate: preliminary study in 73 humans.
Hypointense renal cell carcinoma: MR imaging with pathologic correlation.
Renal artery stenosis in patients with aortic dissection: increased prevalence
Nephrotoxicity associated with concomitant ACE inhibitor and NSAID therapy.
The absence of nephrotoxicity and differential nephrotoxicity between tobramycin and gentamicin.
Duplex Doppler examination of a perinephric abscess in a renal transplant.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia in patients who undergo open heart surgery.
Results of infrainguinal bypass for limb salvage in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Pulmonary disease following intravesical BCG treatment.
Natural history of low-stage prostatic cancer and the impact of early detection.
Epidemiology of prostate cancer.
Economics of screening for carcinoma of the prostate.
Digital rectal examination in the early detection of prostate cancer.
Transrectal ultrasonography for the early detection and staging of prostate cancer.
Laboratory studies for the detection of carcinoma of the prostate.
Management of stage A prostate cancer.
Selection of patients with stage B prostate cancer for radical prostatectomy.
Radiation therapy for localized prostate cancer. Justification by long-term follow-up.
Significance and treatment of positive margins or seminal vesicle invasion after radical prostatectomy.
Prostate-specific antigen for staging prior to surgery and for early detection of recurrence after surgery.
Patient selection for, results of, and impact on tumor resection of potency-sparing radical prostatectomy.
The case for no initial treatment of localized prostate cancer.
Local failure and related complications after definitive treatment of carcinoma of the prostate by irradiation or surgery.
Current options in the management of clinical stage C prostatic carcinoma.
New concepts in the treatment of stage D1 adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Flow cytometry in carcinoma of the prostate.
Current management of varicoceles.
Low incidence of asymptomatic brain metastases in patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Is urethral sparing at cystectomy a safe procedure?
Neodymium:YAG laser treatment of bladder hemangiomas.
Allopurinol and thiazide effects on new urinary stone formed after discontinued therapy in patients with urinary stones.
Sex reversal syndrome (XX male).
Renal abscess in children.
Treatment of primary nocturnal enuresis by oral androgen mesterolone. A clinical and cystometric study.
Inverted papilloma of renal pelvis: flexible ureteroscopic diagnosis and treatment.
Improved early detection of recurrence in prostatic carcinoma following hormonal therapy. Combined use of palpation and fine needle aspiration cytology.
Acute aluminum toxicity after continuous intravesical alum irrigation for hemorrhagic cystitis.
Single polypoid cystitis cystica and glandularis presenting as benign bladder tumor.
Transitional cell carcinomatous meningitis after M-VAC (methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin) chemotherapy.
Desmopressin for diabetes insipidus, hemostatic disorders and enuresis.
Merkel cell carcinoma metastatic to the testis.
Confronting cisternae presenting as intracytoplasmic inclusions in monocytes.
Serum amylase in patients with renal insufficiency and renal failure.
Geriatric pharmacokinetics and the kidney.
Nutritional causes of renal impairment in old age.
Renal disease in the elderly: the role of the renal biopsy.
Treatment of glomerulonephritis in the elderly.
Geriatric diabetic nephropathy: an analysis of renal referral in patients age 60 or older.
Basic evaluation of female urinary incontinence.
Genitourinary cancer in the elderly.
Treatment of renal calculi in the elderly.
Peritoneal dialysis in the geriatric patient.
Dialysis considerations in the elderly patient.
Hemodialysis and the elderly patient: potential advantages as to quality of life, urea generation, serum creatinine, and less interdialytic weight gain.
The elderly on dialysis: some considerations in compliance.
Strategies for enhancing compliance in the dialysis elderly.
Prevention of renal disease and conservation of renal function.
Ethical issues in geriatric nephrology: overview.
Ethical and legal issues in geriatric nephrology.
Rationing of health care and the end-stage renal disease program.
Effects of calcium antagonists on renal hemodynamics.
Calcium channel blockers versus angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors: renal effects.
Effect of dietary protein restriction on functional renal reserve in diabetic nephropathy.
Treatment of the anemia of chronic renal failure with subcutaneous recombinant human erythropoietin.
Oral estrogens decrease bleeding time and improve clinical bleeding in patients with renal failure.
The effect of large uterine fibroids on urinary bladder function and symptoms.
Expression of the human nephron differentiation molecules in renal cell carcinomas.
Results of surgical treatment for hyperparathyroidism associated with renal disease.
Urgent management of a giant scrotal hernia.
Clinical course of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated glomerulonephritis and systemic vasculitis. The Glomerular Disease Collaborative Network
Pharmacokinetics of enoxacin and its oxometabolite following intravenous administration to patients with different degrees of renal impairment.
How curable is relapsed Wilms' tumour? The United Kingdom Children's Cancer Study Group.
Spontaneous resolution of congenital nephrotic syndrome in a neonate
Ionized calcium, parathormone, and mortality in critically ill surgical patients.
The association of blood pressure levels and change in renal function in hypertensive and nonhypertensive subjects.
Acute renal failure due to ciprofloxacin.
Binding of anti-DNA antibodies and inhibition of glomerulonephritis in MRL-lpr/lpr mice by heparin.
Renal disease in chronic arthritis of childhood. A study of urinary N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase and beta 2-microglobulin excretion.
Changes in ventricular fibrillation threshold during the development of perinephritic hypertension.
Effect of captopril on renal function in hypertensive dogs with unilateral renal artery stenosis, studied with radionuclide dynamic scintigraphy.
Nonpeptide angiotensin II receptor antagonists.
Effects of felodipine on urinary albumin excretion and metabolic control in hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetics.
Normalization of increased sodium sensitivity by maintenance hemodialysis.
Parathyroid hormone and the vascular response to norepinephrine.
Abnormal diastolic function in patients with type 1 diabetes and early nephropathy.
Sodium-lithium countertransport activity in red cells of patients with insulin dependent diabetes and nephropathy and their parents
Sedoanalgesia in urology: a safe, cost-effective alternative to general anaesthesia. A review of 1020 cases.
Chronic dehydration stone disease.
The use of internalised ureteric stents in renal transplant recipients.
Effect of bladder outflow obstruction on the innervation of the rabbit urinary bladder.
In vitro evaluation of the pollen extract, cernitin T-60, in the regulation of prostate cell growth.
Treatment of outflow tract obstruction due to benign prostatic hyperplasia with the pollen extract, cernilton. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Prostatic carcinoma: histological and immunohistological factors affecting prognosis.
Distribution of bony metastases in prostatic carcinoma.
Increased survival of patients with massive lymphadenopathy and prostate cancer: evidence of heterogeneous tumour behaviour.
Persistent carcinoma in situ of the testis after chemotherapy for advanced testicular germ cell tumours.
The importance of prognostic factors in the individual treatment of patients with disseminated germ cell tumours.
Parathyroid autotransplantation
Primary chemotherapy with or without radiation therapy and/or surgery for children with localized sarcoma of the bladder, prostate, vagina, uterus, and cervix. A comparison of the results in Intergroup Rhabdomyosarcoma Studies I and II.
Testicular relapse in children with acute nonlymphoblastic leukemia.
DNA analysis of multiple synchronous renal cell carcinomas.
Sarcoid reaction mimicking intrathoracic dissemination of testicular cancer.
Chemotherapy-related hemolytic-uremic syndrome after the treatment of head and neck cancer. A case report.
Primary carcinoma of the upper urinary tract. Effect of primary and secondary therapy on survival.
The significance of low-grade prostate cancer on needle biopsy. A radical prostatectomy study of tumor grade, volume, and stage of the biopsied and multifocal tumor.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic mesothelial cells.
Familial testicular cancer in five members of a cancer-prone kindred.
Anaesthesia for renal transplantation in sickle cell disease.
Comparison of pathological lesions on repeated renal biopsies in 73 patients with primary IgA glomerulonephritis: value of quantitative scoring and approach to final prognosis.
IgA nephritis in Behcet's disease: case report and review of the literature.
Glomerular IgA deposits in patients with celiac disease.
Diffuse proliferative lupus nephritis: long-term observations in patients treated with ancrod.
Disappearance of renin-induced proteinuria by an ACE-inhibitor: a case report.
Post-traumatic acute renal failure, 1956-1988.
The treatment of mesangial IgA nephropathy with cyclophosphamide, dipyridamole and warfarin: a two-year prospective trial.
Membranous glomerulonephritis induced by 2-mercaptopropionylglycine (2-MPG).
Acute deterioration of renal function associated with enteric hyperoxaluria.
Is preliminary binephrectomy necessary in patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease undergoing renal transplantation?
Urinary excretion of albumin and enzymes in non-insulin-dependent Chinese diabetics.
Hypophosphatemia in infants on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Uremic pruritus in patients on hemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD). The role of plasma histamine and skin mast cells.
Total knee arthroplasty in diabetes mellitus.
Femoral neck fractures in patients receiving long-term dialysis.
Validity of creatinine clearance estimates in the assessment of renal function.
Urogenital dysfunction after abdominoperineal resection for carcinoma of the rectum.
Involvement of epidermal growth factor deficiency in pathogenesis of oligozoospermia in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
The interaction of parameters of male and female fertility in couples with previously unexplained infertility.
Psychological assessment and follow-up after in vitro fertilization: assessing the impact of failure.
A reverse (antibody capture) enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for detection of antisperm antibodies in sera and genital tract secretions.
Protein differences between normal and oligospermic human sperm demonstrated by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis.
Pooled sequential ejaculates: a way to increase the total number of motile sperm from oligozoospermic men.
Studies on requirements for trackpoints in CellSoft automated semen analysis.
Short-term administration of captopril and nifedipine and exercise-induced albuminuria in normotensive diabetic patients with early-stage nephropathy.
Relationship between blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion in development of microalbuminuria.
Enalapril and renal injury in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Intrarenal de novo production of angiotensin I in subjects with renal artery stenosis.
On the need for erythropoietin treatment in dialysis patients. A Copenhagen City Dialysis Unit study
Magnetic resonance imaging of the bone marrow following treatment with recombinant human erythropoietin in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Three staged approach to the surgical management of renal cell carcinoma extending into the right atrium. Case report.
Inflammatory abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic human endocrine tissues.
Anti-5 alpha-reductase autoantibodies in the serum of patients with prostatic cancer.
Women with preeclampsia have higher plasma endothelin levels than women with normal pregnancies.
Cutaneous horn of the penis: its association with squamous cell carcinoma and HPV-16 infection.
Prevention of catheter-associated urinary tract infection with a silver oxide-coated urinary catheter: clinical and microbiologic correlates.
Partial characterization of Chlamydia trachomatis isolates resistant to multiple antibiotics.
Quantitation of Tamm-Horsfall protein binding to uropathogenic Escherichia coli and lectins.
Endolymphatic hydrops precipitated by haemodialysis.
Screening diabetic patients for microalbuminuria.
Central nervous system involvement in nephropathic cystinosis.
Treatment of testicular cancer: a new and improved model.
Acute renal dysfunction during interleukin-2 treatment: suggestion of an intrinsic renal lesion.
A comparative study of renal scintigraphy and clearance with technetium-99m-MAG3 and iodine-123-hippurate in patients with renal disorders.
Diagnostic use of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibited renal scintigraphy in the identification of selective renal artery stenosis in the presence of multiple renal arteries: a case report.
Sexual practices: are physicians addressing the issues?
Transient renal acidification defect during acute infantile diarrhea: the role of urinary sodium.
Clinicopathologic review of twelve children with nephropathy, Wilms tumor, and genital abnormalities (Drash syndrome).
Two urogenital sinus syndromes. Interstitial cystitis and focal vulvitis.
Stress incontinence and low urethral closure pressure. Correlation of preoperative urethral hypermobility with successful suburethral sling procedures.
Inhibition of invasion of invasive human bladder carcinoma cells by protein kinase C inhibitor staurosporine.
Rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure associated with cocaine abuse.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy in invasive bladder cancer: the evolving role of surgery.
Surgical treatment of renal artery stenosis after failed percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
Incidence and properties of renal masses and asymptomatic renal cell carcinoma detected by abdominal ultrasonography.
Magnetic resonance imaging for assessment of vena caval tumor thrombi: a comparative study with venacavography and computerized tomography scanning.
Extravesical versus Leadbetter-Politano ureteroneocystostomy: a comparison of urological complications in 320 renal transplants.
Ureterosigmoidostomy: long-term results, risk of carcinoma and etiological factors for carcinogenesis.
Primary adenocarcinoma of the bladder: favorable prognostic significance of deoxyribonucleic acid diploidy measured by flow cytometry.
Perioperative methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin and cisplatin (M-VAC) for poor risk transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder: an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group pilot study.
Local recurrence and survival following nerve-sparing radical cystoprostatectomy.
Recurrent urethral stricture disease managed by clean intermittent self-catheterization.
Arteriographically determined occlusive disease within the hypogastric-cavernous bed in impotent patients following blunt perineal and pelvic trauma.
Patient acceptance of and satisfaction with an external negative pressure device for impotence.
Testicular carcinoma in patients positive and at risk for human immunodeficiency virus.
Clinical stage 1 testicular cancer: the role of modified retroperitoneal lymphadenectomy.
Erythrocyte polyamine levels in human prostatic carcinoma.
The relationship of prostate specific antigen levels and residual tumor volume in stage A prostate cancer.
Prostate specific antigen for assessing response to ketoconazole and prednisone in patients with hormone refractory metastatic prostate cancer.
Radical prostatectomy for clinical stage T1-2N0M0 prostatic adenocarcinoma: long-term results.
Urinary excretion of Tamm-Horsfall protein in women with recurrent urinary tract infections.
Enveloping the bladder with displacement of flap of the rectus abdominis muscle for the treatment of neurogenic bladder.
Mohan's urethral valvotome: a new instrument.
The urethral plug: a new treatment modality for genuine urinary stress incontinence in women.
Urinary retention due to sacral myeloradiculitis: a clinical and neurophysiological study.
Long-term urinary continence and renal function in neonates with posterior urethral valves.
The management of posterior urethral valves by initial vesicostomy and delayed valve ablation.
Pheochromocytoma in the pediatric age group: the prostate--an unusual location.
Massive hemorrhage from an arterioureteral fistula associated with chronic renal transplant failure.
Cyclophosphamide-induced hemorrhagic pyelitis and ureteritis associated with cystitis in marrow transplantation.
De novo carcinoma of the lower urinary tract in renal allograft recipients.
Polyarteritis nodosa masquerading as a primary testicular neoplasm: a case report and review of the literature.
Burkitt's lymphoma of the testicle: report of 2 cases occurring in elderly patients.
Retroperitoneal lymph node dissection in malignant mesothelioma of tunica vaginalis testis.
Mechanical properties of the urethra in healthy and stress incontinent females: dynamic measurements in the resting urethra.
Determination of norepinephrine levels in the adult human prostate.
Time-course of alterations of bladder function following acetone-induced cystitis.
Effects of intracavernosal trazodone hydrochloride: animal and human studies.
Long term effects of gastrocystoplasty in rats.
Hyperfiltration-induced renal injury in normal man: myth or reality.
Fatal sepsis following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin administration for bladder cancer.
Fatal disseminated mycobacterial infection following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin.
Triamterene nephrolithiasis: renewed attention is warranted.
Prospective comparison of plain abdominal radiography with conventional and digital renal tomography in assessing renal extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy patients.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with bleeding diatheses.
Nephron-sparing surgery for renal cell carcinoma with venous involvement.
Adverse impact of fibrin clot inhibitors on intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin therapy for superficial bladder tumors.
Outpatient flexible cystoscopy and fulguration of recurrent superficial bladder tumors.
Primary malignant lymphoma of the bladder.
Prostacyclin-to-thromboxane A2 ratio in arteriogenic impotence.
Complications in hyperthermia treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
A dose titration study evaluating terazosin, a selective, once-a-day alpha 1-blocker for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Clinical and pathological findings in prostates following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin instillations.
The Madigan prostatectomy.
The prognostic value of modal deoxyribonucleic acid in low grade, low stage untreated prostate cancer.
Evaluation of tumor progression by repeated fine needle biopsies in prostate adenocarcinoma: modal deoxyribonucleic acid value and cytological differentiation.
Flutamide in hormone-resistant prostatic cancer.
Role of nerve-sparing radical prostatectomy for clinical stage B2 prostate cancer.
Management of stage D1 adenocarcinoma of the prostate: the Johns Hopkins experience 1974 to 1987.
The value of leak pressure and bladder compliance in the urodynamic evaluation of meningomyelocele patients.
Management of children with myelodysplasia: urological alternatives.
Renal scintigraphy in the diagnosis and surgical management of a patient with caliceal colic: a case report.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of eosinophilic cystitis.
Transrectal ultrasonography in the evaluation of the infertile man: a report of 3 cases.
Gonadoblastoma in an anatomically normal man: a case report and literature review.
The kinetics of cellular proliferation in rat urinary bladder treated with N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine.
The use of prostaglandin F2 alpha for the prophylaxis of cyclophosphamide induced cystitis in rats.
Pressure threshold for shock wave induced renal hemorrhage.
The effect of an alpha-2 agonist on bladder function and cord histology after spinal cord injury [retracted by Weiss R, Tomasula JJ, Sotologo JR Jr. In: J Urol 1991 Aug;146(2):426]
Physiologic and pathologic alterations associated with ultrasonically generated shock waves.
Cell injury associated calcium oxalate crystalluria.
In situ hybridization of prostate-specific antigen mRNA in human prostate.
Nephron function in the early phase of ischemic renal failure. Significance of erythrocyte trapping.
Role of enhanced glomerular synthesis of thromboxane A2 in progressive kidney disease.
Mild ischemia predisposes the S3 segment to gentamicin toxicity.
A phenomenological interpretation of the variation in dialysate volume with dwell time in CAPD.
Peritoneal transport in CAPD patients with permanent loss of ultrafiltration capacity.
Angiotensin II receptor regulation in anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis.
Toxicity comparison of neoadjuvant versus adjuvant methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin (M-VAC) in radical cystectomy patients.
Parathyroid hormone-related peptide in plasma of patients with hypercalcemia and malignant lesions
Renal cell carcinoma associated with sarcoidlike tissue reaction.
A chronic granulomatous syndrome of unknown origin.
Identification of the primary gene defect at the cytochrome P450 CYP2D locus.
Bidirectional incompatibility between conspecific populations of Drosophila simulans
Kearns-Sayre syndrome presenting as renal tubular acidosis.
Self-induced urinary tract infection in school-age boys.
Urinary incontinence.
Adrenal dysfunction in patients with renal amyloid.
A mouse model of the aniridia-Wilms tumor deletion syndrome.
Tissue, developmental, and tumor-specific expression of divergent transcripts in Wilms tumor.
Isolated erythroid hypoplasia and renal insufficiency induced by long-term griseofulvin therapy.
Radiation therapy of early (stages I and II-A) seminoma of testis after initial orchiectomy.
Management of superficial G2 (pTa and pT1) bladder cancer.
Whole bladder photodynamic therapy: critical review of present-day technology and rationale for development of intravesical laser catheter and monitoring system.
Stress incontinence: a new endoscopic approach.
Biochemical evaluation of calcium stone patients: how soon can it be done after stone surgery/passage?
Prognostic implications of disappearance rate of biologic markers following radical prostatectomy.
Use of distal Thiersch-Duplay urethroplasty for proximal hypospadias repairs in conjunction with short island pedicle flap.
Magnetic resonance imaging of cystic, partially differentiated nephroblastoma.
Radiologic staging of chest in testicular seminoma.
Urodynamic tests for female geriatric urinary incontinence.
Influence of high-energy shock waves and cisplatin on antitumor effect in murine bladder cancer.
Prostatic-type epithelium in urinary bladder. Clinical, histologic, and immunohistochemical study.
Oncocytic renal tubular adenoma (so-called oncocytoma) in seventeen-year-old girl.
Intravesical condyloma acuminatum with progression to verrucous carcinoma.
In treating impotence, urology and sex therapy are complementary.
Diagnosis and treatment of prostatic infections.
Applications of prostate ultrasonography.
Experimental contrast-associated nephropathy and its clinical implications.
Survey of histologic specimens of human cancer for human papillomavirus types 6/11/16/18 by filter in situ hybridization.
Mucinous adenocarcinoma of the prostate with endobronchial metastasis.
Extracorporeal removal of anti-HLA antibodies in transplant candidates.
Adult minimal change glomerulopathy with acute renal failure.
Body fluid spaces and blood pressure in hemodialysis patients during amelioration of anemia with erythropoietin.
Ten-year prospective study on the development of renal cell carcinoma in dialysis patients.
Etiology of hypercalcemia in hemodialysis patients on calcium carbonate therapy.
Ultrasonography in the differentiation of complicated and uncomplicated acute pyelonephritis.
Tubulointerstitial changes in systemic vasculitic disorders: a quantitative study of 18 biopsy cases.
The role of aluminum in the functional iron deficiency of patients treated with erythropoietin: case report of clinical characteristics and response to treatment.
Temporary loss of limb function secondary to soft tissue calcification in a patient with rhabdomyolysis-induced acute renal failure.
The future of nephrology.
Beta 2-microglobulin predicts survival in primary systemic amyloidosis.
Contrast nephropathy in azotemic diabetic patients undergoing coronary angiography.
The "stuck twin" phenomenon: ultrasonographic findings, pregnancy outcome, and management with serial amniocenteses.
A comparison of sperm antibody assays.
A,B blood group antigens in tissues of AB heterozygotes. Emphasis on normal and neoplastic urothelium.
Protein A-gold immunoelectron microscopic study of amyloid fibrils, granular deposits, and fibrillar luminal aggregates in renal amyloidosis.
Algorithm for assessing renal dysfunction risk in critically ill trauma patients receiving aminoglycosides.
Prolonged neuromuscular blockade with vecuronium in a neonate with renal failure.
Prediction of acute renal failure after birth asphyxia.
Intraoperative blood pressure. What patterns identify patients at risk for postoperative complications?
Prognostic determinants in extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for respiratory failure in newborns.
Role of perfusion pressure and flow in major organ dysfunction after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Acute renal failure in obstructive jaundice in cholangiocarcinoma.
Diagnostic testing and return visits for acute problems in prepaid, case-managed Medicaid plans compared with fee-for-service.
Acute autonomic neuropathy. Two cases and a clinical review.
Sulfadiazine crystalluria revisited. The treatment of Toxoplasma encephalitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Pheochromocytoma presenting as rhabdomyolysis and acute myoglobinuric renal failure.
Hyperammonemic encephalopathy in urinary diversion with urea-splitting urinary tract infection.
Plasma thrombomodulin in health and diseases.
Psychological outcomes of different treatment policies in women with early breast cancer outside a clinical trial
Neurologic complications in chronic renal failure: a retrospective study.
Acute and chronic bacterial prostatitis: a review of treatment approaches.
Angiotensin and thromboxane in the enhanced renal adrenergic nerve sensitivity of acute renal failure.
Role of endothelium-derived nitric oxide in the bleeding tendency of uremia.
Adverse mortality experience of a southwestern American Indian community: overall death rates and underlying causes of death in Pima Indians.
Protective effect of a novel calcium blocker, S-312-d, on ischemic acute renal failure in rat.
Atheroemboli to the lower urinary tract: a marker of atherosclerotic vascular disease--a case report.
End-stage renal disease--is infrainguinal limb revascularization justified?
Transaortic endarterectomy of renal visceral artery lesions in association with infrarenal aortic surgery.
Combined aortic and visceral arterial reconstruction: risks and results.
A new surgical approach in genital lymphedema.
Vicarious contrast material excretion in patients with acute unilateral ureteral obstruction.
In vivo human testicular function assessed with P-31 MR spectroscopy.
Renal artery stenosis: evaluation with color Doppler flow imaging.
Intrauterine spermatic cord torsion in the newborn: sonographic and pathologic correlation.
Intraoperative pressure profile measurement and continence mechanism adjustment in the Indiana pouch urinary reservoir.
Aminoglycosides: assessing the potential for nephrotoxicity.
High-dose phenylephrine infusion in the hemodynamic support of septic shock.
Sodium loading treatment for amphotericin B-induced nephrotoxicity.
Diagnosis and localization of prostate carcinoma by fine-needle aspiration cytology and correlation with histologic whole-organ sections after radical prostatectomy.
Cardiogenic hepatorenal syndrome.
Cystocerebral syndrome. Acute urinary retention presenting as confusion in elderly patients.
The dichotomous distribution of gastrinomas.
Regional changes in creatine kinase and myocyte size in hypertensive and nonhypertensive cardiac hypertrophy.
Effect of calcium entry blocker nitrendipine on renal function after renal vascular occlusion.
The placebo response of subfertile couples to attending a tertiary referral centre.
A randomized, controlled trial of clomiphene citrate and intrauterine insemination in couples with unexplained infertility or surgically corrected endometriosis.
Fertility prognosis for infertile men: results of follow-up study of semen analysis in infertile men from two different populations evaluated by the Cox regression model.
Changes in sperm antibody test results when spermatozoa are subjected to capacitating conditions.
Hyaluronic acid (Sperm Select) improves retention of sperm motility and velocity in normospermic and oligospermic specimens.
The prevalence of subfertility: a review of the current confusion and a report of two new studies.
Nephropathy in model combining genetic hypertension with experimental diabetes. Enalapril versus hydralazine and metoprolol therapy.
Plasma vasoactive intestinal polypeptide concentration determination in patients with diarrhea.
Clinically inapparent (asymptomatic) bacteriuria in ambulatory elderly men: epidemiological, clinical, and microbiological findings.
Defective oral tolerance promotes nephritogenesis in experimental IgA nephropathy induced by oral immunization.
A glance at the urodynamic database.
Chancroid and the role of genital ulcer disease in the spread of human retroviruses.
Human papillomavirus infections of the genital tract.
Common nonvenereal genital lesions.
Approach to men with urethritis and urologic complications of sexually transmitted diseases.
Approach to the patient with genital ulcer disease.
Allelic loss of chromosomes 16q and 10q in human prostate cancer.
Overexpression of normal and mutated forms of HRAS induces orthotopic bladder invasion in a human transitional cell carcinoma.
Function in athymic nude mice of parathyroid heterografts from patients with primary hyperparathyroidism and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Are three substages of clinical B prostate carcinoma useful in predicting disease-free survival?
Transrectal sonographic cystourethrography: studies in stress urinary incontinence.
Radical prostatectomy versus expectant primary treatment in stages I and II prostatic cancer. A fifteen-year follow-up.
Role of serum prolactin determination in evaluation of impotent patient.
Clinical experience implanting an inflatable penile prosthesis with controlled-expansion cylinder.
Experience with Duraphase penile prosthesis: its use as replacement device.
Retrograde transurethral balloon dilation of prostate: innovative management of abacterial chronic prostatitis and prostatodynia.
Continence level following radical prostatectomy.
Acute urinary retention in a child with appendiceal abscess: diagnostic dilemma.
The overlooked, retained Double J stent.
Primary lymphoma of prostate: transrectal ultrasonic appearance.
Epididymal metastasis from prostatic adenocarcinoma mimicking adenomatoid tumor.
Perirenal candidial abscess.
Femoral mononeuropathy after radical prostatectomy.
Indications for use of ketoconazole in management of metastatic prostate cancer.
Tetracyclines in urology: current concepts
Testicular calcifications and neoplasia in patient treated for subfertility.
Corporectomy for intractable sickle-associated priapism.
X linked hypophosphataemia: treatment, height gain, and nephrocalcinosis.
Eight and 12 week courses of cyclophosphamide in nephrotic syndrome
Predicting treatment outcome in nocturnal enuresis.
5 alpha-reductase deficiency without hypospadias.
Indomethacin responsive hypercalcaemia associated with a renal sarcoma.
Severe hypertension after liver transplantation in alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency.
Ultrasonography compared with intravenous urography in the investigation of adults with haematuria
Development of renal scars in children: missed opportunities in management. South Bedfordshire Practitioners' Group.
Dilatation in the duplex kidney: 3 unusual cases.
Crystalluria, medullary matrix crystal deposits and bladder calculi associated with an acutely induced renal papillary necrosis.
The encased ureter: bullet and bodkin pattern, a reliable radiographic sign.
Bladder function in the mentally retarded.
Oxybutynin hydrochloride (3 mg) in the treatment of women with idiopathic detrusor instability.
Response to treatment of detrusor instability in relation to psychoneurotic status.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study of flavoxate in the treatment of idiopathic detrusor instability.
The perineal artificial sphincter for acquired incontinence--a cut and dried solution?
Urinary infection following out-patient flexible cystoscopy.
Radiotherapy for palliation of locally advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Serum levels of sex hormone binding globulin and oestradiol in patients with testicular cancer.
Surgical approach to the retrocrural lymph nodes.
Treatment of infants with neurogenic bladder dysfunction using anticholinergic drugs and intermittent catheterisation.
Treatment with desmopressin in severe nocturnal enuresis in childhood.
The effect of post-pubertal varicocele on testicular volume.
The influence of autologous lymphokine-activated killer cell infusions on the toxicity and antitumor effect of repetitive cycles of interleukin-2.
The role of ifosfamide plus cisplatin-based chemotherapy as salvage therapy for patients with refractory germ cell tumors.
131I treatment of thyroid papillary carcinoma in a patient with renal failure.
Prognostic significance of type IV collagen and laminin immunoreactivity in urothelial carcinomas of the bladder.
Cancer of the urinary bladder in blacks and whites. A case-control study.
Increased plasma histamine levels in uraemic pruritus.
Protein turnover in uraemia in the rat.
Carcinogen hemoglobin adducts, urinary mutagenicity, and metabolic phenotype in active and passive cigarette smokers.
The use of interferon alpha-C in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma arising in a congenital solitary kidney.
Recurrent pain, illness intrusiveness, and quality of life in end-stage renal disease.
Screening for slight albuminuria: a comparison of selected commercially available methods.
Ulcerative lesions and herpes simplex virus type 2 in a patient with Evan's syndrome.
Surgical complications of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Pulmonary capillaritis and glomerulonephritis in an antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-positive patient with prior granulomatous aortitis.
Lack of prognostic value of nucleolar organizer region enumeration in transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Shortening of the hemodialysis procedure and mortality in "healthy" dialysis patients.
Morbidity and mortality in hemodialysis patients.
Kt/V and hemodialysis morbidity revisited.
Income and survival in chronic dialysis patients.
Non-heparin hemodialysis with oral administration of newly developed antiplatelet agent.
Cardiac arrest after hypertonic citrate anticoagulation for chronic hemodialysis.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on T lymphocyte subsets in hemodialysis patients.
Effectiveness of low dose erythropoietin: a possible advantage of high flux hemodialysis.
Leukocyte overshoot: a new sign of bioincompatibility in fast hemodialysis.
Sterile versus non-sterile dialysis fluid in chronic hemodialysis treatment.
Low-dose heparinization can be used with DEAE-cellulose hemodialysis membranes.
Ionic strength affects diffusive permeability to an inorganic phosphate ion of negatively charged dialysis membranes.
(A)typical symptoms during single needle dialysis.
Rapid methods of estimating Kt/V: three formulas compared.
Various methods for calculation of Kt/V: a clinical comparison.
Peritoneal macrophage beta-2 microglobulin production and bacterial peritonitis in CAPD patients.
Evaluation of plasma sodium concentration during hemodialysis by computerization of dialysate conductivity.
Altered pattern of calcium kinetics in hemodialysis patients after parathyroidectomy.
Pressure effects on roller pump blood flow during hemodialysis.
Change in sympathetic activity before, during, and after dialysis-induced hypotension.
Benefit of bicarbonate dialysis during CAVHD.
Modulation of peritoneal macrophage antimicrobial activity by peritoneal dialysis fluid, Ca++, and 1,25(OH)2D3 in CAPD patients.
Long-term experience with Swan Neck Missouri catheters.
A prospective randomized evaluation of chronic peritoneal catheters. Insertion site and intraperitoneal segment.
Complications of Tenckhoff catheters post removal.
Phenotypic characterization of monocytes and macrophages from CAPD patients.
Therapeutic effects of simvastatin on hyperlipidemia in CAPD patients.
Influence of phosphatidylcholine on ultrafiltration and solute transfer in CAPD patients.
Chronic nightly tidal peritoneal dialysis.
Biocompatibility of dialysis membranes is of no importance for objective or subjective symptoms during or after hemodialysis.
Clinical effects of a polyethylene glycol grafted cellulose membrane on thrombogenicity and biocompatibility during hemodialysis.
Difference in beta 2-microglobulin removal between cellulosic and synthetic polymer membrane dialyzers.
One year of rHuEPO therapy prolongs RBC survival and may stabilize RBC membranes despite natural progression of chronic renal failure to uremia and need for dialysis.
Recombinant human erythropoietin does not increase clotting in vascular accesses.
Suppression of immunoglobulin and interleukin-6 production from peripheral blood mononuclear cells by dialysis membranes.
Urinary tract dilatation in constipated children.
Effect of hydrocele on testis and spermatogenesis.
Plasma therapy for severe hemolytic-uremic syndrome in children in Atlantic Canada.
Gastric mucosal PGE2 levels in gastric non-ulcer and ulcer patients with chronic renal failure or without renal diseases and in healthy subjects.
Minimizing urinary incontinence in the nursing home.
Activity of type 1 erythrocyte complement receptors in uremia and after renal transplantation.
Comparison of two methods for the estimation of urea kinetics and introduction of a third simplified method.
Palmar keratoses in family members of individuals with bladder cancer.
Anti-RNA polymerase I antibodies in the urine of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Microscopic Wegener's disease: a particular form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
The percutaneous operative gastrostomy for gastric decompression in major urological surgery.
Ureteral triplication and ureterocele: report of 3 cases and review of the literature.
Screening for prostatic carcinoma.
Highly sensitized patients with delayed graft function: a management protocol.
Substance abuse-related spontaneous bladder rupture: report of 2 cases and review of the literature.
Bladder outlet obstruction due to pelvic lipoma: computerized tomography, magnetic resonance imaging and radiographic evaluation.
Adenocarcinoma of the urachus associated with elevated levels of CA 125.
Unresectable calcified bladder tumor: hemiacidrin irrigation as an adjunct to resection.
Rectourethral fistula caused by Kaposi's sarcoma.
A lethal complication of papaverine-induced priapism.
Adenocarcinoma of the prostate in a 41-year-old man with XXY karyotype and chronic lymphocytic leukemia: report of a case.
Exaggerated venous mural hypertrophy in association with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
End stage renal disease serum contains a specific renal cell growth factor.
Enhancing effect of partial cystectomy on rat urinary bladder carcinogenesis.
Cytotoxic effects of high energy shock waves in different in vitro models: influence of the experimental set-up.
The effect of chronic renal insufficiency on cyclosporine nephrotoxicity.
Immunotherapy of murine bladder cancer by irradiated tumor vaccine.
The effects of basic fibroblast growth factor and suramin on cell motility and growth of rat prostate cancer cells.
Surgical management and prognosis of renal cell carcinoma invading the vena cava.
Endourological experience with cystine calculi and a treatment algorithm.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in combination with transurethral surgery for management of large bladder calculi and moderate outlet obstruction.
Tamm-Horsfall autoantibodies in interstitial cystitis.
Progression of stage T1 bladder tumors after intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin [published erratum appears in J Urol 1991 Apr;145(4):840]
Results of contemporary radical cystectomy for invasive bladder cancer: a clinicopathological study with an emphasis on the inadequacy of the tumor, nodes and metastases classification.
Total bladder replacement using detubularized sigmoid colon: technique and results.
Intracavernous injection of prostaglandin E1 in combination with papaverine: enhanced effectiveness in comparison with papaverine plus phentolamine and prostaglandin E1 alone.
The fate of residual fragments after extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy monotherapy of infection stones.
Pathophysiology of prolonged penile erection associated with trazodone use.
Priapism associated with the sickle cell hemoglobinopathies: prevalence, natural history and sequelae.
Prevalence of carcinoma in situ and other histopathological abnormalities in testes from 399 men who died suddenly and unexpectedly.
Application of the monoclonal antibody Ki-67 on prostate biopsies to assess the fraction of human prostatic carcinoma.
Prostate cancer: comparison of digital rectal examination and transrectal ultrasound for screening.
Trace elements and urinary stone formation: new aspects of the pathological mechanism of urinary stone formation.
Prophylaxis of uric acid stones with alternate day doses of alkaline potassium salts.
Effect of restricting dietary protein on the progression of renal failure in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
An epidemiologic study of abuse of analgesic drugs. Effects of phenacetin and salicylate on mortality and cardiovascular morbidity (1968 to 1987)
Structural genitourinary defects detected in utero.
Nonpalpable cancer of the prostate: assessment with transrectal US.
Biologic aggressiveness of palpable and nonpalpable prostate cancer: assessment with endosonography.
Congenital cystic disease of the seminal vesicle.
Detection of vascular complications in renal allografts with color Doppler flow imaging.
Hemodialysis-related amyloidomas of bone.
Involvement of thromboxane and neutrophils in multiple-system organ edema with interleukin-2.
Immunologic evidence for the in situ deposition of a cytoplasmic streptococcal antigen (endostreptosin) on the glomerular basement membrane in rats.
Decrease in mean platelet survival time in acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis (APSGN).
Postpartum renal failure in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Hemolytic uremic syndrome in patients with Behcet's disease treated with cyclosporin A: report of 2 cases.
Knowledge of hemodialysis and CAPD patients about their prescribed medicines.
Chemoprotective effects of recombinant human IL-1 alpha in cyclophosphamide-treated normal and tumor-bearing mice. Protection from acute toxicity, hematologic effects, development of late mortality, and enhanced therapeutic efficacy.
Pharmacokinetics of intravenous pentamidine in patients with normal renal function or receiving hemodialysis.
Post-traumatic priapism treated with metaraminol bitartrate: case report.
Traumatic left renal artery stenosis managed with splenorenal bypass: case report.
Angiotensin II and the maintenance of GFR and renal blood flow during renal artery narrowing.
The renin-angiotensin system and renal function in kidney transplantation.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and progression of chronic renal failure.
Molecular biology of the renal renin-angiotensin system.
Growth hormone for short stature not due to classic growth hormone deficiency.
Urologic function after experimental cauda equina compression. Cystometrograms versus cortical-evoked potentials.
Delayed anterior decompression in patients with spinal cord and cauda equina injuries of the thoracolumbar spine.
Cerebellar syndrome caused by isoniazid.
Soft tissue calcification in renal failure.
Irreversible tubulointerstitial damage associated with chronic aminonucleoside nephrosis. Amelioration by angiotensin I converting enzyme inhibition.
Distribution of endogenous albumin in the glomerular wall of proteinuric patients.
Systemic lupus erythematosus after renal transplantation: patient and graft survival and disease activity. The Dutch Working Party on Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
Guanidino compounds that are increased in cerebrospinal fluid and brain of uremic patients inhibit GABA and glycine responses on mouse neurons in cell culture.
Renal protective effects of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.
Immunohistochemical study of vascular lesions in severe hypertension induced by DOCA and salt administration to spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Alterations in renal medullary hemodynamics and the pressure-natriuretic response in genetic hypertension.
Incidence of advanced chronic renal failure and the need for end stage renal replacement treatment
Prevalence of advanced renal failure in Northern Ireland
Diagnosis of abdominal masses with percutaneous biopsy guided by ultrasound
Etoposide therapy for testicular cancer.
Adenine nucleotide changes in kidney, liver, and small intestine during different forms of ischemic injury.
Effects of thromboxane synthesis inhibitor triflusal on renal hemodynamics in microalbuminuric diabetic patients.
Managing prostatitis in the elderly.
On the mechanism of impaired insulin secretion in chronic renal failure.
Antibody coated bacteria in urine of patients with recent spinal injury.
Effectiveness of carboplatin, etoposide, and bleomycin combination chemotherapy in good-prognosis metastatic testicular nonseminomatous germ cell tumors.
A randomized trial of cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin versus vinblastine, cisplatin, and etoposide in the treatment of advanced germ cell tumors of the testis: a Southwest Oncology Group study
Tropical spastic paraparesis-like illness occurring in a patient dually infected with HIV-1 and HTLV-II.
Lack of evidence for link between intradental lesions and chronic renal failure.
Cryoglobulinemia induced by a murine IgG3 rheumatoid factor: skin vasculitis and glomerulonephritis arise from distinct pathogenic mechanisms.
The natural history of renal stone disease after parathyroidectomy for primary hyperparathyroidism.
An algorithm for diagnosis and therapy of management and complications of urolithiasis during pregnancy.
Efficacy of doxazosin in specific hypertensive patient groups.
An evaluation of the efficacy and safety of doxazosin in hypertension associated with renal dysfunction. The Japanese Doxazosin Study Group.
Sickle cell trait revisited.
Abnormalities of von Willebrand factor multimers in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Glomerular structures and lipids in progressive renal disease.
Therapeutic implications of lipid-lowering agents in the progression of renal disease.
Hyperlipidemia of nephrosis: pathophysiologic role in progressive glomerular disease.
Rationale and management of hyperlipidemia of the nephrotic syndrome.
Genetic differences in susceptibility to glomerular sclerosis: a role for lipids?
Hyperlipidemia and glomerular sclerosis: an alternative viewpoint.
Similarities between glomerular sclerosis and atherosclerosis in human renal biopsy specimens: a role for lipoprotein glomerulopathy.
Lipid abnormalities, renal failure, and parathyroid hormone.
The hyperlipidemia of the nephrotic syndrome.
Serum lipids in patients with chronic renal failure on long-term, protein-restricted diets.
Cholesterol and lipid disturbances in renal disease: the natural history of uremic dyslipidemia and the impact of hemodialysis and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Desmopressin-induced improvement in bleeding times in chronic renal failure patients correlates with platelet serotonin uptake and ATP release.
Renal disease in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Can the rate of progression of chronic renal failure be altered?
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of doxacurium in normal patients and in those with hepatic or renal failure.
Liver transplantation in children.
Effect of race on expression of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-associated nephropathy.
The epidemiologic features of nosocomial infections in patients with trauma.
Oral indomethacin for acute renal colic.
Perianal streptococcal cellulitis with penile involvement.
Response rates and survival in primary systemic amyloidosis.
Urological complications in 350 consecutive renal transplants.
Emphysematous pyelonephritis: surgical implications.
Excretion of urinary protein induced by extracorporeal piezoelectric lithotripsy.
Do stone formers have lower urinary fibrinolytic activity than controls?
Renal angiomyolipoma: report of 24 cases.
Small cell carcinoma of the urinary tract.
The effect of verapamil on the anti-tumour action of mitozantrone and doxorubicin against renal carcinoma cells in vitro.
Treatment of renal colic by prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors and avafortan (analgesic antispasmodic).
Caffeine: does it affect your bladder?
Experience with a simplified technique for the treatment of female stress urinary incontinence.
Urinary continence in spinal injury patients following complete sacral posterior rhizotomy.
Ten cases of transitional cell carcinoma of bladder causing ureteric obstruction.
Prostate tumour markers and differentiation grade in prostatic cancer.
Treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia with phytosterols.
Acute epididymitis: why patient and consort must be investigated.
Semen analysis in patients operated on for impalpable testes.
Epidermoid cyst (monodermal teratoma) of the testis.
Comparison of urethral reaction to full silicone, hydrogen-coated and siliconised latex catheters.
The cancer experience in the Framingham Heart Study cohort.
Two-drug therapy in patients with metastatic germ cell tumors.
T-cell lymphoma and mature nephroblastoma after synchronous bilateral Wilms' tumor.
Hepatocellular carcinoma as second malignant neoplasms in successfully treated Wilms' tumor patients. A National Wilms' Tumor Study report.
Prostate-specific antigen and external beam radiation therapy in prostate cancer.
Black tobacco, mate, and bladder cancer. A case-control study from Uruguay.
Recurrent renal cell carcinoma arising in Wilms' tumor.
Comparative epidemiology of cancer between the United States and Japan. A second look.
Extrarenal production of calcitriol in normal and uremic humans.
Kidney function and cardiovascular risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetics (NIDDM) with microalbuminuria.
Progression of renal insufficiency in analgesic nephropathy: impact of continuous drug abuse.
Functional status and quality of life: predictors of early mortality among patients entering treatment for end stage renal disease.
Noninvasive measurement of renal blood flow with technetium-99m-DTPA in the evaluation of patients with suspected renovascular hypertension
Ureteric catheterization in the diagnosis of pyelonephritis--an experimental evaluation.
Effects of probucol on renal function in rats with bilateral ureteral obstruction.
Three-dimensional morphometric analysis of segmental glomerulosclerosis in the rat.
Albuterol and insulin for treatment of hyperkalemia in hemodialysis patients.
Fosinopril prevents hyperfiltration and decreases proteinuria in post-transplant hypertensives.
L-lactate high-efficiency hemodialysis: hemodynamics, blood gas changes, potassium/phosphorus, and symptoms.
Multicenter trial of L-carnitine in maintenance hemodialysis patients. I. Carnitine concentrations and lipid effects.
Multicenter trial of L-carnitine in maintenance hemodialysis patients. II. Clinical and biochemical effects.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on cerebral and cutaneous blood flow and on blood coagulability.
Soft tissue calcification in pediatric patients with end-stage renal disease.
Influence of calcium acetate or calcium citrate on intestinal aluminum absorption.
Anaphylactoid reactions during hemodialysis on AN69 membranes in patients receiving ACE inhibitors.
Two prostate carcinoma cell lines demonstrate abnormalities in tumor suppressor genes.
Renal oncocytoma: long-term follow-up and flow cytometric DNA analysis.
Treatable complications in undiagnosed cases of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Serological identification of Escherichia coli O157:H7 infection in haemolytic uraemic syndrome.
Nonhomologous chromatid exchange in hereditary and sporadic renal cell carcinomas.
Renovascular disease and renal complications of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy
Bacteremia due to Escherichia coli: a study of 861 episodes.
Urinary tract infection caused by Corynebacterium group D2: report of 82 cases and review.
Transurethral resection versus needle biopsy prior to radical prostatectomy for stage C prostate cancer. Influence on progression and survival.
Treatment of unstable bladder.
Effect of ileal conduit on patients' activities following radical cystectomy.
Cecal tubularization: lengthening technique for creation of catheterizable conduit.
Use of biofeedback in treatment of psychogenic voiding dysfunction.
Renal cell carcinoma vs. renal oncocytoma. Report of a case with overlap features and review of the literature
Treatment of renal transplant stones by extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy in the prone position.
Anal submucosal injection: a new route for drug administration. VI. Chronic prostatitis: a new modality of treatment with report of eleven cases.
Ultrasonographic findings of testicular microlithiasis associated with intratubular germ cell neoplasia.
Germ cell tumor of testis in a patient with von Hippel-Lindau disease.
Eosinophilic granuloma of bladder.
Study of antireflux nipple valves of Kock ileal urinary reservoir. Experimental investigation in dogs.
The radiographic spectrum of renal osteodystrophy.
Etiology and pathophysiology of pyelonephritis.
The effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition and dietary protein restriction in the treatment of proteinuria.
Preservation of renal reserve in chronic renal disease.
Survival in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Androgens potentiate the effects of erythropoietin in the treatment of anemia of end-stage renal disease
Effect of hemodialysis on protein C, protein S, and antithrombin III levels.
Epstein-Barr virus transformation of B lymphocytes from IgA nephropathy patients and first-degree relatives results in increased immunoglobulin synthesis not restricted to IgA.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: a pathologically documented case report.
Captopril renography in the diagnosis of renal artery stenosis: accuracy and limitations.
X-linked hypophosphatemia: skeletal mass in adults assessed by histomorphometry, computed tomography, and absorptiometry.
Interstitial cellular infiltration detected by fine-needle aspiration biopsy in nephritis.
Intraperitoneal phosphate administration in hungry bone syndrome.
Use of aminohydroxypropylidene bisphosphonate (AHPrBP, "APD") for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with renal impairment.
Secondary effects of erythropoietin treatment on metabolism and dialysis efficiency in stable hemodialysis patients.
Update: prostate cancer.
Acute renal failure in critically ill patients: prognosis for recovery of kidney function after prolonged dialysis support
Psychosocial distress and infertility: men and women respond differently.
Young's syndrome (obstructive azoospermia and chronic sinobronchial infection): a quantitative study of axonemal ultrastructure and function.
Study of bilateral histology and meiotic analysis in men undergoing varicocele ligation.
The concentrations of transferrin, beta 2-microglobulin, and albumin in seminal plasma in relation to sperm count.
Rapid baroreceptor resetting in chronic hypertension. Implications for normalization of arterial pressure.
Intrinsic vasodilation protects Wistar Kyoto rats from progressive glomerulosclerosis after unilateral nephrectomy.
Extracorporeal renal artery reconstruction for renovascular hypertension.
Penile duplex sonography in the diagnosis of venogenic impotence.
Efficacy of bladder training in older women with urinary incontinence.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of albuminuria among subjects with type I diabetes.
The sexual relationship of male alcoholics and their female partners during periods of drinking and abstinence.
The effects of nonthyroid disease and drugs on thyroid function tests.
Simple renal cysts in children: diagnosis and follow-up with US.
Nonpalpable prostate cancer: detection with MR imaging.
Determination of prostate volume with transrectal US for cancer screening. Part I. Comparison with prostate-specific antigen assays.
Renal artery stenosis: in vivo perfusion MR imaging.
Cerebral infarction in patients with nephrotic syndrome.
Primary signet-ring cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
Phenotypic relationships of prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia to invasive prostatic carcinoma.
Urinary excretion of the C5b-9 membrane attack complex of complement is a marker of immune disease activity in autologous immune complex nephritis.
Transforming growth factor-beta production in anti-glomerular basement membrane disease in the rabbit.
Less frequent lithium administration and lower urine volume.
Dipstick analysis of urinary protein. A comparison of Chemstrip-9 and Multistix-10SG.
Platelet-activating factor mediates glycerol-induced acute renal failure in rats.
Effect of polycations on the function of the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Mucosal peptide hydrolase and brush-border marker enzyme activities in three regions of the small intestine of rats with experimental uraemia.
Therapy for women hospitalized with acute pyelonephritis: a randomized trial of ampicillin versus trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for 14 days.
Dependence among host response parameters used to diagnose urinary tract infection.
Sex or survival: trade-offs between quality and quantity of life.
DMPS as a rescue agent for the nephropathy induced by mercuric chloride.
Ureteral obstruction and ureteral fistulas after aortofemoral or aortoiliac bypass surgery.
Management of primary nonrenal parenchymal malignancies with vena caval thrombus.
The incidence and prognostic significance of humoral hypercalcemia in renal cell carcinoma.
Post-transplant renal artery stenosis: a possible immunological phenomenon.
Acute changes in renal function following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with a solitary functioning kidney.
Use of the Collings knife electrode for percutaneous access in difficult endourology cases.
Ureteral calculi: natural history and treatment in an era of advanced technology.
Management of upper tract calculi in patients with tubularized urinary diversions.
Cellular immunity in interstitial cystitis.
Uptake of 2-deoxy, 2-(18F) fluoro-D-glucose in bladder cancer: animal localization and initial patient positron emission tomography.
Vacuum tumescence devices: the role of papaverine in the selection of patients.
Intracavernous self-injection of vasoactive drugs in the treatment of impotence: 8-year experience with 615 cases.
Recurrent subacute torsion: prospective study of effects on testicular morphology and function.
Post-chemotherapy tumor residuals in patients with advanced nonseminomatous testicular cancer. Is it necessary to resect all residual masses?
Interstitial temperature measurements during transurethral microwave hyperthermia.
Treatment of benign prostatic hypertrophy by a long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue: 1-year experience.
Predicting radionuclide bone scan findings in patients with newly diagnosed, untreated prostate cancer: prostate specific antigen is superior to all other clinical parameters.
The distribution of residual cancer in radical prostatectomy specimens in stage A prostate cancer.
Bioavailability of potassium and magnesium, and citraturic response from potassium-magnesium citrate.
Laser treatment of obstruction from incrusted ureteral catheter.
Endopyelotomy for secondary ureteropelvic junction obstruction in children.
Continence in bladder exstrophy: determinants of success.
Management of posterior urethral strictures secondary to pelvic fractures in children.
Acute urinary retention secondary to Herpes simplex meningitis.
Endometriosis of bladder after menopause.
Pelvic lipomatosis associated with cystitis glandularis and adenocarcinoma of the bladder.
Locally recurrent endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the prostate after radical prostatectomy.
Cavernous nerve grafts restore erectile function in denervated rats
Effect of suramin on human prostate cancer cells in vitro.
Acute and chronic bioeffects of single and multiple doses of piezoelectric shockwaves (EDAP LT.01).
Influence of age and endocrine factors on the volume of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Obstruction and recanalization of the ureter during embryonic development.
Expression of c-erbB-2 gene product in urinary bladder cancer.
Color Doppler ultrasound compared to a radionuclide scanning of spermatic cord torsion in a canine model.
Coronary artery bypass operation in dialysis patients.
Urinary sediment changes in severe preeclampsia.
Bladder training in older women with urinary incontinence: relationship between outcome and changes in urodynamic observations.
Clinical features and natural history of von Hippel-Lindau disease
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: a nine-year follow-up study.
Factors related to treatment resistance in hypertension.
Treatment of renal cell carcinoma by extracorporeal partial nephrectomy and autotransplantation using splenic vascular anastomosis.
Effects of pentoxifylline on proteinuria in normotensive patients with diabetes mellitus.
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition and its relations to diet and plasma lipid concentrations in hemodialysis patients.
Nephrotic syndrome complicating adenocarcinoma of the lung with resolution after resection.
Effect of vaginal delivery on the pelvic floor: a 5-year follow-up.
The acute and insidious onset of pulmonary metastatic transitional cell carcinoma.
Renal effects of cyclosporine.
Magnetic resonance imaging: a reliable test for the evaluation of proximal atherosclerotic renal arterial stenosis.
Maternal outcome after open fetal surgery. A review of the first 17 human cases.
Decreased local toxicity with subcutaneous diamorphine (heroin): a preliminary report.
The bed-wetting child. Current management of a frustrating problem.
Infrainguinal revascularization for limb salvage in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Human papillomavirus in prostatic cancer: no evidence found by in situ DNA hybridization.
Recurrent rhabdomyolysis in association with cocaine use.
Successful pregnancy in a patient receiving hemodialysis.
Demonstration of the genuine iso-12p character of the standard marker chromosome of testicular germ cell tumors and identification of further chromosome 12 aberrations by competitive in situ hybridization.
Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis in Behcet's syndrome.
Small cell carcinoma of the prostate.
The long-term effects of radiation therapy on patients with ovarian dysgerminoma.
Expectant management of localized prostatic cancer.
Prostate cancer: transrectal ultrasound and pathology comparison. A preliminary study of outer gland (peripheral and central zones) and inner gland (transition zone) cancer.
Oncologic imaging. Staging and follow-up of renal and adrenal carcinoma.
Induction of cytotoxicity of the renal hilar lymph nodes by pedal subcutaneous administration of interleukin-2 in patients with renal cancer.
Fibrin formation on vessel walls in hyperplastic and malignant prostate tissue.
Association of expression between N-myc gene and major histocompatibility complex class I gene in surgically resected human neuroblastoma.
Transurethral-resection zone prostate cancer detected at cystoprostatectomy. A detailed histologic analysis and clinical implications.
Serous papillary adenocarcinoma of the tunica vaginalis of the testis with metastasis.
Inotropic response to norepinephrine is augmented early and maintained late in conscious dogs with perinephritic hypertension.
Changes in diastolic cardiac function in developing and stable perinephritic hypertension in conscious dogs.
Results and complications of angioplasty in fibromuscular disease.
Management of renovascular disease. A surgical perspective.
Abnormal renal glucose handling in X-linked hypophosphataemic mice.
The role of lasers in hemorrhoidectomy.
Antibiotics: potential hazards to male fertility.
Intraperitoneal insemination in the treatment of male and unexplained infertility.
Risk factors for development of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in Jewish IDDM patients.
The renally compromised older hypertensive: therapeutic considerations.
Parathyroid function in normocalcemic renal transplant recipients: evaluation by calcium infusion.
Macrophages from nephrotic rats regulate apolipoprotein E biosynthesis and cholesterol content independently.
A randomized comparison of the nephrotoxicity of iopamidol and diatrizoate in high risk patients undergoing cardiac angiography.
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
Comparison of pump-driven and spontaneous continuous haemofiltration in postoperative acute renal failure.
Aggravation of subclinical diabetes insipidus during pregnancy
Aluminum accumulation during treatment with aluminum hydroxide and dialysis in children and young adults with chronic renal disease
Simple standing incremental cystometry as a screening method for detrusor instability.
Inhibition of growth of experimental prostate cancer with sustained delivery systems (microcapsules and microgranules) of the luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone antagonist SB-75.
Increased sensitivity to endotoxemia by tissue necrosis.
Use of cyproterone acetate in prostate cancer.
Use of suramin in treatment of prostatic carcinoma refractory to conventional hormonal manipulation.
Hemibody irradiation in advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Use of intravenous stilbestrol diphosphate in patients with prostatic carcinoma refractory to conventional hormonal manipulation.
Management of spinal cord compression secondary to metastatic prostatic carcinoma.
Advanced prostatic carcinoma. Early versus late endocrine therapy.
Treatment of metastatic prostate cancer of the spine.
Future developments of nonhormonal systemic therapy for prostatic carcinoma.
Imaging of patients with stage D prostatic carcinoma.
Total androgen ablation: Canadian experience.
Megestrol acetate plus low-dose estrogen in the management of advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Role of 5 alpha-reductase inhibitors in the treatment of advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Use of the nonsteroidal anti-androgen Casodex in advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Initial results with slightly modified Kock pouch.
Use of standard contraceptive diaphragm in management of stress urinary incontinence.
Dilated renal collecting systems: differentiating obstructive from nonobstructive dilation using duplex Doppler ultrasound.
Association of germ cell tumors and Hodgkin's disease.
Coexistence of testicular carcinoma and hairy cell leukemia.
Techniques in endoscopic lithotripsy using pulsed dye laser.
Bilateral renal cell carcinoma with metastasis to thyroid.
Pulmonary embolization of iodine-125 seeds following prostate implantation.
Multilocular cysts of kidney. A study of 29 patients and review of literature.
Mobile epididymis. A new clinicopathologic entity in genesis of male infertility and its treatment by epididymopexy.
Simple urodynamic evaluation of incontinent elderly female nursing home patients. A descriptive analysis.
Intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin for patients with high-risk superficial bladder cancer.
Percutaneous urinary diversion in patients with hormone-refractory prostate cancer.
Prognostic factors and value of adjunctive nephrectomy in patients with stage IV renal cell carcinoma.
Pharmacokinetics and metabolism of nilutamide.
Castration plus nilutamide vs castration plus placebo in advanced prostate cancer. A review.
Combination of Anandron with orchiectomy in treatment of metastatic prostate cancer. Results of a double-blind study.
Pharmacology of antiandrogens and value of combining androgen suppression with antiandrogen therapy.
Antisperm antibody detection using concurrent cytofluorometry and indirect immunofluorescence microscopy.
An overview of pregnancy in women with underlying renal disease.
Specific controversies concerning the natural history of renal disease in pregnancy.
Dialysis, transplantation, and pregnancy.
The renal lesion of preeclampsia revisited.
Ten years' experience with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: ten years at one facility.
The effects of reprocessing cuprophane and polysulfone dialyzers on beta 2-microglobulin removal from hemodialysis patients [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Jul;18(1):144]
Concomitant iron and aluminum mass transfer following deferoxamine infusion during hemofiltration.
Calcitriol metabolism in patients with chronic renal failure.
Community-acquired acute renal failure.
Serial glomerular and tubular dynamics in thyroidectomized rats with remnant kidneys.
Recurrent acute glomerulonephritis.
Group B streptococcus: an unusual cause of severe peritonitis in young children treated with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Prospective analysis of sperm-oocyte fusion and reactive oxygen species generation as criteria for the diagnosis of infertility.
Mechanisms of hemolysis and anemia associated with acute antepartum pyelonephritis.
Urinary tract dilatation in pregnancy.
Platelet-complement interactions in mesangial proliferative nephritis in the rat.
Glomerular basement membrane expansion in passive Heymann nephritis. Absence of increased synthesis of type IV collagen, laminin, or fibronectin.
Angioplasty of renal arteries: a report of ten year's experience.
Recombinant human erythropoietin and renal anemia: molecular biology, clinical efficacy, and nervous system effects
Proportion of lung and bladder cancers in males resulting from occupation: a systematic approach
Adoptive immunotherapy with high-dose interleukin-2: kinetics of circulating progenitors correlate with interleukin-6, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor level.
Six year follow up of infants with bacteriuria on screening.
Management of staghorn stones using a combination of lithotripsy, percutaneous nephrolithotomy and Solution R irrigation.
The impact of extracorporeal piezoelectric lithotripsy on the management of ureteric calculi: an audit.
Do extracorporeal shock waves affect urinary excretion of glycosaminoglycans?
Upper tract tumours following cystectomy for bladder cancer. Is routine intravenous urography worthwhile?
Transitional cell carcinoma of the upper urinary tract: prognostic variables and post-operative recurrences.
Pattern of urological malignancy in Zambia. A hospital-based histopathological study.
Urodynamic morbidity and dysuria prophylaxis.
Night studies for primary diurnal and nocturnal enuresis and preliminary results of the "clam" ileocystoplasty.
Can histological assessment predict the outcome in interstitial cystitis?
Is voided urine suitable for flow cytometric DNA analysis?
Clinical significance of the "palpable mass" in patients with muscle-infiltrating bladder cancer undergoing cystectomy after pre-operative radiotherapy.
Radical radiation treatment of invasive and locally advanced bladder carcinoma in elderly patients.
Adjuvant topical chemotherapy versus immunotherapy in primary superficial transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Short-term radiotherapy as palliative treatment in patients with transitional cell bladder cancer.
Activation of complement, kallikrein-kinin, fibrinolysis and coagulation systems by urinary catheters. Effect of time and temperature in biocompatibility studies.
Haemospermia: a prospective study.
Vasal injuries during childhood and their effect on subsequent fertility.
Outcome of antenatally diagnosed pelviureteric junction hydronephrosis.
Anorectal dysfunction in patients with urologic disturbance due to multiple sclerosis.
Intravascular retention and renal handling of purified natural and intramolecularly cross-linked hemoglobins.
Factor XIII and its substrates, fibronectin, fibrinogen, and alpha 2-antiplasmin, in plasma and urine of patients with nephrosis.
Electrophysiology of motor pathways for sphincter control in multiple sclerosis.
Lumbosacral evoked potentials and vesicourethral function in patients with chronic suprasacral spinal cord injury.
Prognostic significance of proteinuria one year after onset of diarrhea-associated hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Long-term outcome and prognostic indicators in the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Fluorouracil and recombinant human interferon alfa-2a in the treatment of metastatic chemotherapy-refractory urothelial tumors.
Spontaneous renal rupture during pregnancy.
Donating a kidney to a family member. How primary care physicians can help prepare potential donors.
Oral magnetic particles in MR imaging of the abdomen and pelvis.
Capsular transgression of prostatic carcinoma: evaluation with transrectal US with pathologic correlation.
Prostate cancer: local staging with endorectal surface coil MR imaging.
Combined gadolinium-enhanced and fat-saturation MR imaging of renal masses.
Comparative study of cephradine and amoxicillin-clavulanate in the treatment of recurrent urinary tract infections.
Saltpeter ingestion.
Self-administered intraurethral chlorpromazine: an unusual cause of priapism.
Prenatal genetic counseling.
Miliary tuberculosis presenting as hepatic and renal failure.
Severe hemorrhagic radiation proctitis advancing to gradual cessation with hyperbaric oxygen.
Ampullary tumor caused by metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
The impact of breakthrough clinical trials on survival in population based tumor registries.
Routine screening for cancer of the prostate.
Definitions, classification, and clinical presentation of urinary tract infections.
Bacterial etiologic agents in the pathogenesis of urinary tract infection.
Host defense mechanisms in the pathogenesis of urinary tract infection.
Epidemiology and natural history of urinary tract infections in children.
The natural history of urinary infection in adults.
Laboratory in the diagnosis and management of urinary tract infections.
Management of urinary tract infections in children.
Management of acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection in adults.
Epidemiology, natural history, and management of urinary tract infections in pregnancy.
Special problems of urinary tract infection in the elderly.
Urinary tract infection in the impaired host.
Prostatitis.
Radiology of renal infection.
The role of the urologist in urinary tract infection.
The catheter and urinary tract infection.
Urinary tract infection: economic considerations.
Transient oliguria with renal tubular dysfunction after a 90 km running race.
Photosensitized destruction of human bladder carcinoma cells treated with chlorin e6-conjugated microspheres.
Tumoral thrombosis of cerebral venous sinuses: preoperative diagnosis using magnetic resonance phase imaging.
Hemolytic transfusion reaction following transfusion of frozen and washed autologous red cells
Granulomatous prostatitis and poorly differentiated prostate carcinoma. Their distinction with the use of immunohistochemical methods.
Immunotactoid glomerulopathy.
Prolonged survival with a remnant kidney.
Renal function after tumor enucleation in a solitary kidney.
Evaluation of hemodialysis patients treated with erythropoietin.
Plasma terminal complement complexes in acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis.
Low-protein diet and glomerular size-selective function in membranous glomerulopathy.
Nephrotic proteinuria without hypoalbuminemia: clinical characteristics and response to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition.
Acute glomerulonephritis in a patient with Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Combined hepatic and renal transplantation in primary hyperoxaluria type I: clinical report of nine cases.
Poisoning with equine phenylbutazone in a racetrack worker.
Management of acute pyelonephritis in an emergency department observation unit.
Treatment of pyelonephritis in an observation unit.
Experience with digoxin immune Fab (ovine) in patients with renal impairment.
Kinetic modeling of intracellular pH and comparison with 31P NMR experimental values in dialysed uremic patients.
A new cause of female pseudohermaphroditism: placental aromatase deficiency.
The N-terminal sequence of the major erythropoietic factor of an anephric patient is identical to insulin-like growth factor I.
Measurement of urinary lipopolysaccharide antibodies by ELISA as a screen for urinary tract infection.
Contrasting effects of lisinopril and nifedipine on albuminuria and tubular transport functions in insulin dependent diabetics with nephropathy.
The role of adjuvant chemotherapy following cystectomy for invasive bladder cancer: a prospective comparative trial.
Spontaneous perinephric hemorrhage: imaging and management.
Partial nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma: indications, results and implications.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy and the solitary kidney.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy for calculi in horseshoe kidneys.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of urinary calculi: experience in treatment of 3,278 patients using the Siemens Lithostar and Lithostar Plus.
Treatment of steinstrasse with repeat extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: experience with piezoelectric lithotriptor.
A seromuscular stripping method to create a nipple valve without metal stapling for continent urinary reservoir.
Sensitivity of urinary quantitative immunocytology with monoclonal antibody 486 P3/12 in 241 unselected patients with bladder carcinoma.
Oral or intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin immunoprophylaxis in bladder carcinoma.
Ileocolic neobladder post-cystectomy: continence and potency.
Impact of anatomical radical prostatectomy on urinary continence.
Correlation of ultrasound guided and digitally directed transrectal biopsies of palpable prostatic abnormalities.
Primary orchiectomy versus estrogen therapy in advanced prostatic cancer--a randomized study: results after 7 to 10 years of followup.
Radical prostatectomy and adjuvant radioactive gold seed placement: results of treatment at 5 and 10 years for clinical stages A2, B1 and B2 cancer of the prostate.
An objective score to predict upper tract deterioration in myelodysplasia.
Cystourethrometric findings in patients with detubularized right colonic segment for bladder replacement.
The detection of reflux nephropathy in infants by 99mtechnetium dimercaptosuccinic acid studies.
Preoperative endoscopic diagnosis of fibroepithelial polyp of the renal pelvis: a case report and review of the literature.
Nonspecific magnetic resonance appearance of renal oncocytomas: report of 3 cases and review of the literature.
Surgical management of renal cell carcinoma with extensive intracaval involvement using a venous bypass system suitable for rapid conversion to total cardiopulmonary bypass.
Spermatic cord for onlay coverage of urethral defect.
A continuous intravesical drug delivery system for the rat.
Patients with lower motor spinal cord lesion: a decrease of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide, calcitonin gene-related peptide and substance P, but not neuropeptide Y and somatostatin-immunoreactive nerves in the detrusor muscle of the bladder.
Determination of the coefficient of kinetic friction of urinary catheter materials.
Radio-contrast enhancement of urinary tract stones.
Cytostatic effects of suramin on prostate cancer cells cultured from primary tumors.
Assessment of the critical level of androgen for growth response of transplantable human prostatic carcinoma (PC-82) in nude mice.
Chronic effects of focused electrohydraulic shock waves on renal function and hypertension.
Renal arterial duplex Doppler ultrasound in dogs with urinary obstruction.
Experimental intravesical therapy for superficial transitional cell carcinoma in a rat bladder tumor model.
The effect of radiation therapy and hyperthermia on a human prostatic carcinoma cell line grown in athymic nude mice.
Image guided localized 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy of acute urinary tract obstruction.
The effects of interleukin-6 on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes derived from human renal cell cancer.
Preliminary experience with the pulsed dye laser for treatment of urolithiasis.
Bladder perforation resulting from the use of the neodymium:YAG laser.
Urinary tract infections.
Sexually transmitted diseases.
Reflux nephropathy and primary vesicoureteric reflux in adults
Diagnosis of heterozygous states for adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency based on detection of in vivo somatic mutants in blood T cells: application to screening of heterozygotes.
Pharmacokinetics and bioavailability of intravenous-to-oral enoxacin in elderly patients with complicated urinary tract infections.
Somatostatin and analogues in the treatment of cancer. A review
Postcardiotomy mechanical circulatory support in the elderly.
Candida pyelonephritis complicating traumatic C5 quadriplegia: diagnosis and management.
Distal urethral electrical conductance (DUEC)--a preliminary assessment of its role as a quick screening test for incontinent women.
Comparison between perindopril and nifedipine in hypertensive and normotensive diabetic patients with microalbuminuria. Melbourne Diabetic Nephropathy Study Group
Magnetic resonance angiography of abdominal vessels: early experience using the three-dimensional phase-contrast technique.
Hemodialysis for acute renal failure in patients with hematologic malignancies.
Regulation of pulsatile luteinizing hormone secretion in experimental uremia.
Small artery resistance increases during the development of renal hypertension.
Renal nerves modulate renin gene expression in the developing rat kidney with ureteral obstruction.
Expression of smooth muscle cell phenotype by rat mesangial cells in immune complex nephritis. Alpha-smooth muscle actin is a marker of mesangial cell proliferation.
Percutaneous needle biopsy preceding preoperative chemotherapy in the management of massive renal tumors in children.
Cancer registry problems in classifying invasive bladder cancer.
Polyglucosan body disease.
Molecular characterization of a major nephritogenic domain in the autoantigen of anti-tubular basement membrane disease.
A complex ileovaginal fistula with associated obstructive uropathy in a patient with Crohn's disease: technical considerations and review of the literature.
Spontaneous rupture of a normal bladder.
Radical prostatectomy after definitive radiation therapy for prostate cancer.
Early detection program for prostate cancer: results and identification of high-risk patient population.
Gleason's histologic grading as clinical prognostic marker in patients with advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Simultaneous presentation of adenocarcinoma of prostate and transitional cell carcinoma of bladder.
Interstitial cystitis: successful management by increasing urinary voiding intervals.
Symptom analysis of patients undergoing modified Pereyra bladder neck suspension for stress urinary incontinence. Pre- and postoperative findings.
Incontinence management scale for elderly inpatient men.
Hypogonadal impotence treated by transdermal testosterone.
Bilateral emphysematous pyelonephritis.
Results of surgical treatment of kidney cancer with solitary metastasis to contralateral adrenal.
Endoscopic treatment of vesicoureteral reflux in children with neurogenic bladders.
Pediatric testicular tumors: the Johns Hopkins experience.
Renal cell metastases versus liver hemangioma.
Squamous cell carcinoma of prostate.
Causes of post-prostatectomy retention.
Giant sclerosing leiomyoma of bladder presenting as chronic renal failure.
Ureteral stump carcinoma incidentally found at cystectomy for bladder cancer.
Percutaneous transperineal prostate cryosurgery using transrectal ultrasound guidance: animal model.
Tumor-targeted chemotherapy with lipid contrast medium and macromolecular anticancer drug (SMANCS) for renal cell carcinoma.
Extremely low serum pyridoxal 5'-phosphate in children with familial hypophosphatemic rickets.
Pericardial metastasis from testicular seminoma: appearance and disappearance by echocardiography.
Diabetic nephropathy: changing concepts of pathogenesis and treatment.
Association between urinary symptoms at 7 years old and previous urinary tract infection.
Urinary 3-hydroxyproline excretion in Alport's syndrome: a non-invasive screening tests
Refractory hypoglycemia secondary to topical salicylate intoxication.
A pilot study of suramin in the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
High-dose cisplatin plus dacarbazine in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Prognostic factors for survival of patients with advanced urothelial tumors treated with methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin chemotherapy.
The relationship of ABH(O) blood group antigen expression in intraepithelial dysplastic lesions to clinicopathologic properties of associated transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Immunohistochemical analysis of extracellular components in the glomerular sclerosis of patients with glomerulonephritis.
Long-term survival patients with acute and severe renal failure due to multiple myeloma.
Acute effects of paracetamol on prostaglandin synthesis and renal function in normal man and in patients with renal failure.
Effect of cardiac catheterization on renal function.
Modification of serum and membrane lipid composition induced by diet in patients with chronic renal failure.
Renormalization of high cardiac output and of left ventricular size following long-term recombinant human erythropoietin treatment of anemic dialyzed uremic patients.
Abnormal erythrocyte choline transport in patients with chronic renal failure.
Reassessment of the single intravenous injection method with inulin for measurement of the glomerular filtration rate in man.
Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation and intrauterine insemination for treatment of infertility
Experience with peritoneal oocyte and sperm transfer as an outpatient-based treatment for infertility.
Systemic and renal production of thromboxane A2 and prostacyclin in decompensated liver disease and hepatorenal syndrome.
Shunt nephritis. Case report.
Rhabdomyolysis and renal failure following a wolf attack: case report.
Ultrasonic imaging of the abdomen. Report of the ultrasonography task force. Council on Scientific Affairs, American Medical Association.
Effect of leukocyte stimulation on rabbit immune complex glomerulonephritis.
Glomeruli synthesize nitrite in experimental nephrotoxic nephritis.
Effects of acute and chronic uremia on active cation transport in rat myocardium.
Quantitative studies of tubular immune complex formation and clearance in rats.
Somatosensory evoked potentials in acute renal failure: effect of parathyroidectomy.
Migration inhibition factor in acute serum sickness nephritis.
Glucose-induced insulin secretion in uremia: effects of aminophylline infusion and glucose loads.
Hyperkalemia in acute glomerulonephritis due to transient hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism.
Hepatitis B vaccination and interleukin 2 receptor expression in chronic renal failure.
Renal structure and hypertension in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Effect of conjugated estrogens on platelet function and prostacyclin generation in CRF.
Glomerular interleukin 1 production is dependent on macrophage infiltration in anti-GBM glomerulonephritis.
Myoglobin depletes renal adenine nucleotide pools in the presence and absence of shock.
Glycolate determination detects type I primary hyperoxaluria in dialysis patients.
rHuEPO treatment improves brain and cognitive function of anemic dialysis patients.
Experimental immune complex-mediated glomerulonephritis in the nonhuman primate.
Localization of clusterin in the epimembranous deposits of passive Heymann nephritis.
Osmoregulation of thirst and vasopressin release in severe chronic renal failure.
Urinary excretion of endothelin-1 in normal subjects and patients with renal disease.
Phagocytosis in uremic and hemodialysis patients: a prospective and cross sectional study.
Sequential invasive assessment of fetal renal function and the intrauterine treatment of fetal obstructive uropathies.
Dynamic urethral pressure profilometry pressure transmission ratio: what do the numbers really mean?
Escherichia coli in patients with renal scarring: genotype and phenotype of Gal alpha 1-4Gal beta-, Forssman- and mannose-specific adhesins.
Evidence of infection with organisms producing Shiga-like toxins in household contacts of children with the hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Infection or suspected infection after hip replacement surgery with autologous or homologous blood transfusions.
Evaluating results of clinical trials in treatment of complicated urinary tract infection.
Parenteral ofloxacin in treatment of pyelonephritis.
Randomized study to evaluate efficacy and safety of ofloxacin vs. trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole in treatment of uncomplicated urinary tract infection.
Worldwide clinical experience with ofloxacin in urologic cases.
Bacterial prostatitis: new methods of treatment.
Current patterns in nosocomial urinary tract infections.
Prostatic urethra dilatation with the Gianturco self-expanding metallic stent: a feasibility study in cadaver specimens and dogs.
Acute renal failure associated with the use of intraperitoneal carboplatin: a report of two cases and review of the literature.
Effect of antihypertensives on sexual function and quality of life: the TAIM Study
Ocular manifestations of nephropathic cystinosis. The French-Canadian experience in a genetically homogeneous population.
Ocular histopathologic findings in a 46-year-old man with primary hyperoxaluria.
Embryonal carcinoma of the testis presenting as a left heart mass.
Risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in women with glomerulonephritis.
Sequential renography in acute urinary tract obstruction due to stone disease.
Is there a place for conservative surgery in the treatment of renal carcinoma?
Haematuria frequency syndrome in patients with positive HIV serology: observations in Zambia.
Artificial urinary sphincters around intestinal segments--are they safe?
Artificial urinary sphincter insertion in congenital neuropathic bladder.
Rationalisation of follow-up in patients with non-invasive bladder tumours. A preliminary report.
Histopathological "self control" in transurethral resection of bladder tumours.
Transferrin receptor activity as a marker in transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Systemic chemotherapy for urothelial cancer in patients with ureteric obstruction.
Diagnosis of chronic abacterial prostato-vesiculitis by rectal ultrasonography in relation to symptoms and findings.
Dilatation of the prostatic urethra with 35 mm balloon.
Orchiectomy versus oestrogen in the treatment of advanced prostatic cancer.
Urological manifestations of HIV-related disease. A case of AIDS-associated testicular seminoma, Kaposi's sarcoma and possible intracranial lymphoma.
Sperm retrieval by electro-ejaculation. Preliminary experience in patients with secondary anejaculation.
The growing teratoma syndrome.
Experience with childhood urolithiasis. Report of 196 cases.
Paediatric urolithiasis in Greece.
Detrusor hyper-reflexia as a factor in spontaneous perforation of augmentation cystoplasty for neuropathic bladder.
DNA ploidy in the primary tumor from patients with nonseminomatous testicular germ cell tumors clinical stage I.
Extragonadal and poor risk nonseminomatous germ cell tumors. Survival and prognostic features.
Bladder cancer. Human leukocyte antigen II, interleukin-6, and interleukin-6 receptor expression determined by the polymerase chain reaction.
Prostatic duct adenocarcinoma. Findings at radical prostatectomy.
Primary adenocarcinoma of the urinary bladder. A clinicopathologic analysis of 72 cases.
Monoclonal prostate-specific antigen in untreated prostate cancer. Relationship to clinical stage and grade.
On the mechanisms for the selective action of vitamin D analogs.
Immunological identification and distribution of parathyroid hormone-like protein polypeptides in normal and malignant tissues.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and Escherichia coli urosepsis.
Musculoskeletal manifestations of amyloidosis. A review of 83 patients on haemodialysis for at least 10 years.
Combined technetium radioisotope penile plethysmography and xenon washout: a technique for evaluating corpora cavernosal inflow and outflow during early tumescence [published erratum appears in J Nucl Med 1991 Jul;32(7):1374]
Use of technetium-99m-MAG3 for renal scintigraphy after angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition.
Protective effects of specific platelet-activating factor receptor antagonists in experimental glomerulonephritis.
Excess number of bladder cancers in workers exposed to ortho-toluidine and aniline.
A report on extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy results on 1,569 renal units in an outpatient clinic.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for large renal calculi: the role of ureteral stents. A randomized trial.
Comparison of endoscopic and radiological residual fragment rate following percutaneous nephrolithotripsy.
Retrograde nephrostolithotomy in management of complex renal calculi.
A comparison of anatrophic nephrolithotomy and percutaneous nephrolithotomy with and without extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for management of patients with staghorn calculi.
The clinical implications of brushite calculi.
Comparison of symptom characteristics of indwelling ureteral catheters.
Epithelial dysfunction in nonbacterial cystitis (interstitial cystitis).
Prospective randomized comparison of intravesical with percutaneous bacillus Calmette-Guerin versus intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin in superficial bladder cancer.
Systemic preoperative chemotherapy with cisplatin, methotrexate and vinblastine for locally advanced bladder cancer: local tumor response and early followup results.
Repair of pelvic fracture posterior urethral defects using an elaborated perineal approach: experience with 74 cases.
Ultrastructural changes in impotent penile tissue: a comparison of 65 patients.
Cigarette smoking: an independent risk factor for atherosclerosis in the hypogastric-cavernous arterial bed of men with arteriogenic impotence.
Recurrent prolonged erections and priapism as a sequela of priapism: pathophysiology and management.
Infusion pharmacocavernosometry and nocturnal penile tumescence findings in men with erectile dysfunction.
Detailed anatomy of the internal spermatic vein and the ovarian vein. Human cadaver study and operative spermatic venography: clinical aspects.
Correlation of testicular color Doppler ultrasonography, physical examination and venography in the detection of left varicoceles in men with infertility.
Subclinical varicocele: the effectiveness of varicocelectomy.
The absorption of chlortetracycline following transscrotal instillation for the treatment of primary hydrocele testis.
Core biopsy instrument in the diagnosis of prostate cancer: superior accuracy to fine needle aspiration.
Prostate specific antigen in patients with clinical stage C prostate cancer: relation to lymph node status and grade.
Prostate specific antigen in hormonally treated stage D2 prostate cancer: is it always an accurate indicator of disease status?
Bladder outlet obstruction versus impaired detrusor contractility: the role of outflow.
Randomized, double-blind, multicenter trial on treatment of frequency, urgency and incontinence related to detrusor hyperactivity: oxybutynin versus propantheline versus placebo.
Desmopressin in nocturnal enuresis.
Appendiceal carcinoma masquerading as primary bladder carcinoma.
Elevated serum tumor markers in patients with testicular cancer after induction chemotherapy due to a reservoir of markers in cystic differentiated mature teratoma.
Spinal coning after lumbar puncture in prostate cancer with asymptomatic vertebral metastasis: a case report.
Tuberculous epididymo-orchitis: diagnosis by fine needle aspiration.
Cell proliferation of human bladder tumors determined by BrdUrd and Ki-67 immunostaining.
The guinea pig as a model of gradual urethral obstruction.
Creation of a feline model of obstructive uropathy.
The evaluation of urinary protein patterns in a stone-forming animal model using two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
Urothelial hyperplasia and neoplasia. III. Detection of nitrosamine production with different bacterial genera in chronic urinary tract infections of rats.
Remaining problems in the treatment of patients with Wilms' tumor.
Pelvic floor descent in women: dynamic evaluation with fast MR imaging and cinematic display.
Stage A adenocarcinoma of the prostate: transrectal US and sonographic-pathologic correlation.
Palpable masses in the prostate: superior accuracy of US-guided biopsy compared with accuracy of digitally guided biopsy.
Prostatic MR imaging performed with the three-point Dixon technique. Work in progress.
Scrotal inflammatory disease: color Doppler US findings.
Renal transplants: can acute rejection and acute tubular necrosis be differentiated with MR imaging?
Inflammatory pseudosarcoma (pseudotumor) of the bladder.
Obstructed uterovaginal anomalies: demonstration with sonography. Part I. Neonates and infants.
Thigh bleeding time as a valid indicator of hemostatic competency during surgical treatment of patients with advanced renal disease.
Renal function in the elderly: results from the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly trial.
Cancer incidence among foundry workers in Denmark.
Renal vascular effects of calcium channel blockers in hypertension.
Loss of nocturnal decline of blood pressure in hypertension due to chronic renal failure.
Tachycardia during reversal of one-kidney, one-clip hypertension in conscious rats.
The prognostic significance of urinary interleukin 6 in IgA nephropathy.
Changes in the postenteropathic form of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in children.
Pneumococcal peritonitis complicating CAPD--was the indwelling intrauterine device to blame?
Hemodialysis and heparin. Alternative methods of measuring heparin and of detecting activation of coagulation.
Echocardiographic findings in hemodialysis patients treated with recombinant human erythropoietin: proposal for a hematocrit most beneficial to hemodynamics.
Long-term minoxidil treatment in refractory hypertension and renal failure.
Resolution of cirrhotic glomerulonephritis following successful liver transplantation.
Metastatic carcinoma of the gallbladder from renal cancer presenting as intraluminal polypoid mass.
Human ehrlichiosis: a rickettsial disease associated with severe cholestasis and multisystemic disease.
Antibodies to neutrophil granulocyte myeloperoxidase and elastase: autoimmune responses in glomerulonephritis due to hydralazine treatment.
Analysis of iodine-125 interstitial therapy in the treatment of localized carcinoma of the prostate.
Tumors in undescended testis.
Primary renal lymphoma.
Surgical correction of hydrothorax from diaphragmatic eventration in children on peritoneal dialysis.
Genital human papillomavirus infection
The role of peripheral capacitance and resistance vessels in hypotension following hemodialysis.
Vitamin B-6 deficiency and renal function and structure in chronically uremic rats.
Diet and hyperoxaluria in the syndrome of idiopathic calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Oxalate transport in renal tubular cells from normal and stone-forming animals.
Cloning and expression of the oxalyl-CoA decarboxylase gene from the bacterium, Oxalobacter formigenes: prospects for gene therapy to control Ca-oxalate kidney stone formation.
Hypercalciuria and stones.
Physical chemical studies of calcium oxalate crystallization.
Pathogenesis of oxalate urolithiasis: lessons from experimental studies with rats.
Crystal-cell interactions: crystal binding to rat renal papillary tip collecting duct cells in culture.
Inhibitors within the nephron.
Significance of glycosaminoglycans for the formation of calcium oxalate stones.
Citrate and renal calculi: new insights and future directions.
Urate and calcium stones--picking up a drop of mercury with one's fingers?
Shock wave physics.
Strong inference in mechanistic urolithiasis: a tribute to Birdwell Finlayson's biophysical contributions.
Macroscopic hematuria and proteinuria preceding renal IgA deposition in patients with IgA nephropathy.
IgA antibodies to dietary antigens and lectin-binding IgA in sera from Italian, Australian, and Japanese IgA nephropathy patients.
The fetus as a patient. Surgical considerations.
Aortic dissection with the entrance tear in the descending thoracic aorta. Analysis of 40 necropsy patients.
Captopril-stimulated renal vein renin in hypertensive patients with or without renal artery stenosis.
Microalbuminuria in essential hypertension.
Clinical evaluation of delapril in Japan. Report from the Japan Study Group on Delapril.
Nerve conduction studies and vibration perception thresholds in diabetic and uremic neuropathy.
The absence and effect of induced menopause by gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs on lower urinary tract symptoms and urodynamic parameters.
Levels of cholesterol and phospholipids in freshly ejaculated sperm and Percoll-gradient-pelletted sperm from fertile and unexplained infertile men.
Renal angioplasty for renovascular disease: a reappraisal.
Renal dysfunction after angiography; a risk factor analysis in patients with peripheral vascular disease.
The quality of life in women with urinary incontinence as measured by the sickness impact profile.
Misdiagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis in an elderly woman with gout.
Urovirulence determinants in Escherichia coli isolates causing first-episode and recurrent cystitis in women.
The Ball-Burch procedure for stress incontinence with low urethral pressure.
Recurrent intracaval renal cell carcinoma: the role of intravascular ultrasonography.
Measurement of prostate-specific antigen in serum as a screening test for prostate cancer.
Childhood urolithiasis: experiences and advances.
Primary vesicoureteral reflux in the black child.
Positive selection of candidate tumor-suppressor genes by subtractive hybridization.
Secreted or nonsecreted forms of acidic fibroblast growth factor produced by transfected epithelial cells influence cell morphology, motility, and invasive potential.
Reversal of cardiac dysfunction secondary to type 1 primary hyperoxaluria after combined liver-kidney transplantation.
Role for specific complement phenotypes and deficiencies in the clinical expression of IgA nephropathy.
Sustained remission of membranous glomerulonephritis after cyclophosphamide and prednisone.
The influence of hemodialysis on intraocular pressure: III. Aqueous humor dynamics and tissue hydration.
Female gout. Clinical spectrum and uric acid metabolism.
Clinical evaluation of an algorithm for the interpretation of hyperamylasemia.
Electron microscopic study of an unusual posttransplant glomerular lesion.
Frozen-section analysis of allograft renal biopsy specimens. Reliable histopathologic data for rapid decision making.
Hyperkalaemia induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
Renal tubular dysfunction in rheumatic diseases.
Renal vascular disease in African-Americans and other racial minorities.
Gastroduodenal mucosa in uraemia: endoscopic and histological correlation and prevalence of helicobacter-like organisms.
Plasma beta endorphin in cirrhosis and renal failure.
Salt blocks the renal benefits of ramipril in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Immunohistological characterisation of amyloid deposits in renal biopsy specimens.
Plasma histamine in patients with chronic renal failure and nephrotic syndrome.
C-reactive protein levels during disease exacerbations and infections in systemic lupus erythematosus: a prospective longitudinal study.
Malignant potential of the cryptorchid testis.
Migratory arrest of gonadotropin-releasing hormone neurons in transgenic mice.
Renal tolerance for ioxaglate in patients with chronic renal failure [published erratum appears in Radiology 1991 Jul;180(1):291]
Acute renal failure: possible role of duplex Doppler US in distinction between acute prerenal failure and acute tubular necrosis.
Renal transplant pyelocaliectasis: role of duplex Doppler US in evaluation.
Abnormal testicular function: potential of P-31 MR spectroscopy in diagnosis.
Renal artery stent placement with use of the Wallstent endoprosthesis.
Osteogenic sarcoma: MR signal abnormalities of the brain in asymptomatic patients treated with high-dose methotrexate.
Morbidity of modified pelvic lymphadenectomy and radiotherapy for prostatic cancer.
Comparison of transrectal prostate digital aspiration and ultrasound-guided core biopsies in 99 men.
Role of urologist in diagnosis of multiple sclerosis.
Adenocarcinoma of urinary bladder: classification and management.
Therapeutic dilemmas in management of cystine calculi.
Urinary excretion of oxalate by patients with renal hypercalciuric stone disease. Effect of chronic treatment with hydrochlorothiazide.
Role of percutaneous nephrostomy in patients with upper urinary tract transitional cell carcinoma.
Malignant renal tumors in tuberous sclerosis.
Rare variant of isolated lower pole hydronephrosis: primary obstructive megaureter.
Continuous systemic 5-fluorouracil infusion in refractory prostatic cancer.
Transvenous occlusion of clinical and subclinical varicoceles.
Renal cell carcinoma involving penis and testis: unusual initial presentations of metastatic disease.
Fine-needle aspiration cytology of xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis.
Renal plasmacytoma: Mayo Clinic experience and review of the literature.
Antispasmodic effects of flavoxate, MFCA, and REC 15/2053 on smooth muscle of human prostate and urinary bladder.
Clear cell cribriform hyperplasia of the prostate. Immunohistochemical and DNA flow cytometric study.
Urothelial leiomyomatous hamartoma of the kidney.
Periovulatory calcium channel blockade enhances reproductive performance in an animal model for endometriosis-associated subfertility.
Pulmonary injury associated with antepartum pyelonephritis: can patients at risk be identified?
Urolithiasis in Tennessee: an occupational window into a regional problem.
Assessment of coronary artery disease by thallium scan in type-1 diabetic uremic patients awaiting combined pancreas and renal transplantation.
Hemolytic-uremic syndrome following bone marrow transplantation in adults for hematologic malignancies.
Cytoreductive surgery in disseminated non-seminomatous germ cell tumours of testis.
Circumvention of multi-drug resistance in human kidney and kidney carcinoma in vitro.
Long-term results of simple and radical nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma.
Patterns of care related to age of men with prostate cancer.
Pharmacokinetics of fosinopril in patients with various degrees of renal function.
Identification of male-factor semen samples prior to insemination and in vitro fertilization.
Prognostic factors in unselected patients with nonseminomatous metastatic testicular cancer: a multicenter experience.
Vinblastine fails to improve response of renal cancer to interferon alfa-n1: high response rate in patients with pulmonary metastases.
Wilms' tumor: status report, 1990. By the National Wilms' Tumor Study Committee.
Needle biopsy associated tumor tracking of adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Office-based testing for antibody to human immunodeficiency virus in urology patients.
Development of renal failure in children with the prune belly syndrome.
Urological manifestations of the Melnick-Needles syndrome: a case report and review of the literature.
Resolution of vesicoureteral reflux in completely duplicated systems: fact or fiction?
Bladder wall abnormalities in myelodysplastic bladders: a computer assisted morphometric analysis.
Urinary hematin calculi.
Severe sepsis following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Left preureteral vena cava (retrocaval or circumcaval ureter) associated with partial situs inversus.
Massive hemorrhage from a ruptured enteric varices of an augmented bladder.
Priapism in hypogonadal men receiving gonadotropin releasing hormone.
Intermittent torsion: association with horizontal lie of the testicle.
Urophonographic studies of benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Activation by the protein-bound polysaccharide PSK (krestin) of cytotoxic lymphocytes that act on fresh autologous tumor cells and T24 human urinary bladder transitional carcinoma cell line in patients with urinary bladder cancer.
Metastatic properties of the human prostatic cell line, PPC-1, in athymic nude mice.
Effect of magnesium on calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Prostate specific antigen: a critical assessment of the most useful tumor marker for adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Echinococcal disease of the urinary tract: review of the management of 7 cases.
Interleukin-2 immunotherapy followed by resection of residual renal cell carcinoma.
Calcium metabolism in acidotic patients induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitors: responses to citrate.
Endoscopic laser lithotripsy: safe, effective therapy for ureteral calculi.
Urinary tract stones: a complication of the Kock pouch continent urinary diversion.
A new technique for continent urinary reservoir reconstruction.
Quantification of cell kinetic characteristics using flow cytometric measurements of deoxyribonucleic acid and bromodeoxyuridine for bladder cancer.
Grading of human urothelial carcinoma based on nuclear atypia and mitotic frequency. I. Histological description.
Grading of human urothelial carcinoma based on nuclear atypia and mitotic frequency. II. Prognostic importance.
Endoscopic re-establishment of membranous urethral disruption.
Electroejaculation following retroperitoneal lymphadenectomy.
Determination of prostate volume by transrectal ultrasound.
Transperitoneal endosurgical lymphadenectomy in patients with localized prostate cancer.
Antegrade approach to radical retropubic prostatectomy in patients with difficult apical dissection.
Sexual function following radical prostatectomy: influence of preservation of neurovascular bundles.
Clinical and laboratory findings in the oculocerebrorenal syndrome of Lowe, with special reference to growth and renal function.
Comparison of the effects of ureteral calculosis and occlusion on muscular sensitivity to painful stimulation in rats.
Natural history of recurrent urinary tract infections in women.
Mechanisms of disease in Hantavirus infection: pathophysiology of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome.
Evaluation of female urinary incontinence.
Male urethral sphincteric anatomy and radical prostatectomy.
Postprostatectomy incontinence. Pathophysiology, evaluation, and management.
Evaluation of the causes and severity of geriatric incontinence. A critical appraisal.
Pediatric urinary incontinence.
The incontinent myelodysplastic patient.
Hydroureteronephrosis after spinal cord injury. Effects of lower urinary tract dysfunction on upper tract anatomy.
Treatment of voiding complaints and incontinence in painful bladder syndrome.
Surgical procedures for uncomplicated ("routine") female stress incontinence.
Complications of bladder neck suspension procedures.
Treatment of incontinence with pelvic prolapse.
Treatment of female incontinence secondary to urethral damage or loss.
Evaluation and management of incontinence after implantation of the artificial urinary sphincter.
Incontinence after augmentation cystoplasty and internal diversion.
Electrical stimulation. A physiologic approach to the treatment of urinary incontinence.
Urethrovaginal fistula repair with Martius labial fat pad graft.
Lacunae: a urographic finding in chronic obstructive uropathy.
MR imaging of the seminal vesicles.
2,8-Dihydroxyadenine lithiasis in a Japanese patient heterozygous at the adenine phosphoribosyltransferase locus.
The aging hypertensive kidney: pathophysiology and therapeutic options.
The use of ionic and nonionic contrast agents and the effects of hydration in the post cardiac transplant patient with moderate renal insufficiency.
Pharmacokinetics of lomefloxacin in renally compromised patients.
Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis associated with sickle cell disease in two siblings.
Oxalate, silicon and vanadium in acquired cystic kidney disease.
Effects of an acute protein load on urinary albumin excretion in kidney donors.
Pharmacokinetics of active vitamins D3, 1 alpha-hydroxyvitamin D3 and 1 alpha, 25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 in patients on chronic hemodialysis.
The clinical spectrum of renal osteodystrophy in 57 chronic hemodialysis patients: a correlation between biochemical parameters and bone pathology findings.
Effect of selective flora suppression on colonization, infection, and mortality in critically ill patients: a one-year, prospective consecutive study.
Prostate cancer.
Circulating antagonist of luteinizing hormone in association with infertility in stallions.
Kinetics of pulmonary leukocyte sequestration in man during hemodialysis with different membrane-types.
Bilateral ureteral obstruction following aortobifemoral bypass graft.
Human neutrophil responses to pathogenic Escherichia coli are receptor-specific and selectively augmented by recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Nutritional status and mortality of patients in regular dialysis therapy.
Does fish oil protect renal function in cyclosporin-treated psoriasis patients?
The clinical spectrum of hypocalcaemia associated with bone metastases.
Dietary lead and calcium: effects on blood pressure and renal neoplasia in Wistar rats.
Renal functional reserve in long-term survivors of unilateral Wilms tumor.
Nasal administration of salmon calcitonin for prevention of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis in children with nephrosis.
Altered renal fibronectin excretion in early adriamycin nephrosis of rats.
Pheochromocytoma of the urinary bladder.
Mechanical devices for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.
Malignant Brenner tumor of the testis and epididymis.
Inflammatory pseudotumor in childhood. A diagnostic and therapeutic dilemma.
Neurophysiologic studies of the peripheral nervous system in nephropathic cystinosis.
The prevention of the maternal manifestations of pre-eclampsia by intensive antihypertensive treatment.
Ultrasound of the pelvis and renal tract combined with a plain film of abdomen in young women with urinary tract infection: can it replace intravenous urography? A prospective study.
Metastatic carcinoma to the male breast.
The influence of diet on urinary risk factors for stones in healthy subjects and idiopathic renal calcium stone formers.
Acute changes in kidney function following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for renal stones.
Misdiagnosed papillary renal adenocarcinoma.
Non-antireflux versus antireflux ureteroneocystostomy in adults.
Features of primary vesicoureteric reflux detected by prenatal sonography.
Ambulatory urodynamics.
The bladder cooling test for urodynamic assessment: analysis of 400 examinations.
Relationship between bladder morphology and long-term outcome of treatment in patients with high pressure chronic retention of urine.
Urodynamic study of ileocystoplasty in the treatment of idiopathic detrusor instability.
Permanent urethral stents for detrusor sphincter dyssynergia.
Adverse urinary symptoms after total abdominal hysterectomy--fact or fiction?
Detubularisation in cystoplasty: clinical review.
Chronic abacterial prostatitis and hyperthermia. A possible new treatment?
Severe hepatocellular dysfunction following cyproterone acetate therapy.
Toxicity study of first and second generation hydrogel-coated latex urinary catheters.
Recurrent haemospermia--underlying urogenital anomalies and efficacy of imaging procedures.
Complications of transurethral electro-incision of posterior urethral valves.
Gastrointestinal complications in 4473 patients who underwent cardiopulmonary bypass surgery.
Bilateral nephrectomy before transplantation: indications, surgical approach, morbidity and mortality.
Orotidine accumulation in human erythrocytes during allopurinol therapy: association with high urinary oxypurinol-7-riboside concentrations in renal failure and in the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.
Aging and renal function.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: indications and technique.
Life table analysis of intrauterine insemination pregnancy rates for couples with cervical factor, male factor, and idiopathic infertility.
Chlamydia trachomatis induces an inflammatory response in the male genital tract and is associated with altered semen quality.
A new lymphocyte serotyping using cytotoxic antibodies from secondary recurrent aborters and its application in cases of recurrent abortion and infertility.
Chromosome anomalies in human oocytes in vitro.
Therapeutic donor insemination: a prospective randomized study of scheduling methods.
Computer-assisted assessment of human sperm morphology: comparison with visual assessment.
Computer-assisted assessment of human sperm morphology: usefulness in predicting fertilizing capacity of human spermatozoa.
Evidence that high dose cortisol-induced Na+ retention in man is not mediated by the mineralocorticoid receptor.
Targeted enzyme therapy of experimental glomerulonephritis in rats.
Copy task performance and urinary incontinence in Alzheimer's disease.
Phosphate diabetes associated with bone metastases of oat cell lung cancer.
Multicentric osteolysis: an infrequently recognized renal-rheumatologic syndrome.
Mixed cryoglobulinemia associated with chronic Q-fever.
Difluoromethylornithine therapy of female NZB/W mice.
Arthritis and nephritis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
IgG autoantibodies against C1q are correlated with nephritis, hypocomplementemia, and dsDNA antibodies in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Adjuvant intravesicular pharmacotherapy for superficial bladder cancer.
Long-term survival rate after vitreous surgery for complications of diabetic retinopathy.
Clinical use of urinary tract magnetic resonance imaging.
Current status of imaging indeterminate renal masses.
The role of radiology in evaluation of the failing renal transplantation.
Contemporary concepts in imaging urinary tract obstruction.
Neurogenic bladder simplified.
The role of imaging in prostate cancer.
Prostatic urethroplasty with balloon catheter as a nonsurgical alternative for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Contemporary imaging approach to pediatric urologic problems.
Varicoceles. Radiologic diagnosis and treatment.
Vasculogenic impotence. Duplex and color Doppler imaging.
Identification of p53 gene mutations in bladder cancers and urine samples.
Non-germ cell tumors of testis.
Assessment of value of routine bone scans in patients with newly diagnosed prostate cancer.
Prostatic occurrence of transitional cell carcinoma after intravesical chemotherapy.
Evolution of endoscopic urethropexy: seven-year experience with various techniques.
Biofeedback therapy technique for treatment of urinary incontinence.
Intracavernous pharmacotherapy in psychogenic impotence.
Vesical manifestations of chronic granulomatous disease in children. Its relation to eosinophilic cystitis.
Metastatic carcinoma of prostate 23 years after radical prostatectomy.
Transurethral resection of prostatic abscess under sonographic guidance.
Renal failure due to bronchogenic adenocarcinoma metastatic to kidneys.
Renal malignant fibrous histiocytoma.
Multilocular cystic renal cell carcinoma.
A unique bone-like variant of alkaline phosphatase.
Vesicoureteric reflux and renal injury.
Recurrent and de novo renal disease after kidney transplantation with or without cyclosporine A.
Renal transplant arterial thrombosis: association with cyclosporine.
Calcium acetate control of serum phosphorus in hemodialysis patients.
Clinical and histologic features of iron-related bone disease in dialysis patients.
Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis associated with infantile spasms in five mentally retarded children: a morphological analysis on mesangiolysis.
Prostatic involvement in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Pregnancy in a hemodialysis patient with no residual renal function.
Effects of calcium antagonists on glomerular hemodynamics and structure in experimental hypertension.
A relationship between proteinuria and acute tubulointerstitial disease in rats with experimental nephrotic syndrome.
Decrease in the AgNOR number in Dunning R3327 prostate cancers after treatment with an agonist and antagonist of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone.
Evaluation of light microscopy to localise the site of haematuria.
Ureteric sludge syndrome.
The incidence of renal calcification in preterm infants.
Evolution of renal insufficiency in ischemic nephropathy.
Cavoatrial tumor thrombectomy using cardiopulmonary bypass without circulatory arrest.
Postoperative retention of urine: a prospective urodynamic study.
Use of percutaneous nephrostomy in malignant ureteric obstruction.
Late renal dysfunction in adult survivors of bone marrow transplantation.
Intraoperative radiation therapy for Wilms' tumor in situ or ex vivo.
Oxygen transport measurements to evaluate tissue perfusion and titrate therapy: dobutamine and dopamine effects.
Erythropoietin deficiency in acute crescentic glomerulonephritis and in total bilateral renal cortical necrosis.
Dysuria and urinary tract infections.
von Hippel-Lindau disease: inadequacy of angiography for identification of renal cancers.
Prostate cancer: correlation of MR images with tissue optical density at pathologic examination.
Nephrotoxicity from contrast material in renal insufficiency: ionic versus nonionic agents.
Reproductive behavior and health in consanguineous marriages.
Surgical management of metastatic renal carcinoma of the spine.
Obesity and renal transplantation.
Preliminary vascular control for renal trauma.
Phenothiazine-associated apnea in two siblings.
Obstruction of the infrarenal portion of the abdominal aorta: results of treatment with balloon angioplasty.
Shock wave-induced pancreatic trauma.
Thallium stress testing does not predict cardiovascular risk in diabetic patients with end-stage renal disease undergoing cadaveric renal transplantation.
Drake Chemical Workers' Health Registry: coping with community tension over toxic exposures.
Congenital mesoblastic nephroma: possible prognostic and management value of assessing DNA content.
Detection of Chlamydia trachomatis by the polymerase chain reaction in swabs and urine from men with non-gonococcal urethritis.
Choriocarcinoma of the testis metastatic to the skin.
Good-quality semen recovered from a paraplegic man with physostigmine salicylate treatment. A case report.
Prospective, randomised, multicentre trial of effect of protein restriction on progression of chronic renal insufficiency. Northern Italian Cooperative Study Group.
Health implications of obesity in American Indians and Alaska Natives.
New directions in the diagnosis and therapy of urinary tract infections.
Urinary oxalate and glycolate excretion and plasma oxalate concentration.
Changes in psychosocial adjustment after renal transplantation.
Hypertension associated with increased renin concentrations in nephroblastoma.
Treatment of hyperkalaemia with intravenous salbutamol.
Acquired renal cystic disease: implications for the urologist.
Renal oncocytomas--an Australian experience.
Prognostic factors in the conservative treatment of ureteric stones.
Management of acute retention of urine: a reappraisal.
Interpretation of biopsies of "normal" urothelium in patients with superficial bladder cancer. MRC Superficial Bladder Cancer Sub Group.
Optical urethrotomy under local urethral anaesthesia.
Effect of clean intermittent catheterisation on radiological appearance of the upper urinary tract in children with myelomeningocele.
Pedicle patch urethroplasty.
One-stage hypospadias repair: experience of 367 cases.
Long-term follow-up of children with testicular tumours: surgical issues.
Prevention of postoperative renal dysfunction in patients with obstructive jaundice: a multicentre study of bile salts and lactulose.
Surgical implications of drug-induced rhabdomyolysis.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis: a burn-centre challenge.
Acute tubulointerstitial nephritis associated with Yersinia pseudotuberculosis infection.
Acute and chronic renal disease in hospitalized AIDS patients.
The successful treatment of atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome with plasmapheresis.
Efficacy of percutaneous renal biopsy in obese patients under computerized tomographic guidance.
Correction of hypophosphatemia in patients on hemodialysis using a calcium-free dialysate with added phosphate.
Rheumatoid factors in patients with minimal change nephrotic syndrome.
Plasma profiles and removal rates of inorganic sulphate, and their influence on serum ionized calcium, in patients on maintenance haemodialysis.
Ranitidine suppresses aluminium absorption in man.
Hypertension profiling by total body water (TBW) determinations in patients on chronic hemodialysis.
In vivo solute elimination of paired filtration dialysis.
Attenuation of IL-2-induced multisystem organ edema by phalloidin and antamanide.
Monthly pulses of vincristine and prednisone prevent bone marrow and testicular relapse in low-risk childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a report of the CCG-161 study by the Childrens Cancer Study Group.
Radiation therapy versus combination chemotherapy in the treatment of early-stage Hodgkin's disease: seven-year results of a prospective randomized trial
Reduction of cardiac hypertrophy in renal hypertensive rabbits with pindolol.
Serum ferritin: a tumor marker for renal cell carcinoma.
Transesophageal echocardiography in renal cell carcinoma: an accurate diagnostic technique for intracaval neoplastic extension.
A 2-year experience with the Wolf piezoelectric lithotripter: impact of repeat treatment on results and complications.
High energy pulsed dye laser lithotripsy: management of ureteral calcium oxalate monohydrate calculi.
Use of the Benchekroun hydraulic valve as a catheterizable continence mechanism.
Modified Indiana pouch.
Comparative histopathology and deoxyribonucleic acid flow cytometry of random mucosal biopsies in untreated bladder carcinoma.
Efficacy of gadolinium-diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging for differentiation between superficial and muscle-invasive tumor of the bladder: a comparative study with computerized tomography and transurethral ultrasonography.
Effect of apomorphine on penile tumescence in men with psychogenic impotence.
Outpatient 3-piece inflatable penile prosthesis.
Staging relationships and outcome in early stage testicular cancer: a report from the Testicular Cancer Intergroup Study.
A prospective study of urologist-performed sonographic evaluation of the urinary tract in patients with prostatism.
The prognostic value of deoxyribonucleic acid flow cytometric analysis in stage D2 prostatic carcinoma.
Cancer control following anatomical radical prostatectomy: an interim report.
Epidemiology of bacteremic urinary tract infections in chronically hospitalized elderly men.
A prospective comparison of thromboembolic stockings, external sequential pneumatic compression stockings and heparin sodium/dihydroergotamine mesylate for the prevention of thromboembolic complications in urological surgery.
Stress incontinence and cystoceles.
Pubovaginal fascial sling for the treatment of complicated stress urinary incontinence.
Evidence for early lower urinary tract dysfunction in clinically silent multiple sclerosis.
Nephrogenic rests in Wilms tumor patients with the Drash syndrome.
Electromagnetic extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in children.
The blood supply to preputial island flaps.
Renal mucormycosis: a case report and review of the literature.
Modified cruciate incision for transabdominal radical nephrectomy.
Angiographic management of retroperitoneal hemorrhage from renal angiomyolipoma in polycystic kidney disease.
Multiple renal neoplasms: a case of 3 histologically dissimilar primary tumors.
Ureteral catheter tip separation: potential risk using the open-end Flexi-Tip ureteral catheter.
Is eosinophilic ureteritis an entity? 2 case reports and review.
Verrucous carcinoma of the bladder.
Complications after intravesical instillation of bacillus Calmette-Guerin: rhabdomyolysis and metastatic infection.
Pneumoscrotum after spontaneous pneumothorax with air leak.
Prostate-type gland in the epididymis.
Prostatic abscess due to histoplasma capsulatum in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Treatment of rat prostatic adenocarcinoma with medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA): effects on growth and morphology.
The human penis: an unusual penetration of NPY-immunoreactive nerves within the medial muscle coat of the deep dorsal vein.
Magnetic resonance imaging for detecting and treatment monitoring of orthotopic murine bladder tumor implants.
Vesicoureteral reflux induces renal trauma in a mouse model of ascending, unobstructed pyelonephritis.
Characterization of fibronectin attachment by a human transitional cell carcinoma line, T24.
Internalization of bacille Calmette-Guerin by bladder tumor cells.
Interspersion of fragmented fiber's splinters into tissue during pulsed alexandrite laser lithotripsy.
Biopsy of the prostate guided by transrectal ultrasonography: early experience in a teaching community hospital.
Polymicrobial bacteremia during long-term hemodialysis.
Juxta-articular calcifications in secondary hyperparathyroidism: resorption after parathyroidectomy.
Escherichia coli bacteremia in children. A review of 91 cases in 10 years.
A 50-year follow-up of childhood plumbism. Hypertension, renal function, and hemoglobin levels among survivors.
Recurrent failure of in vitro fertilization: role of the hemizona assay in the sequential diagnosis of specific sperm-oocyte defects.
The relationship between autoantibodies and intrauterine growth retardation in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Factors influencing postoperative urinary retention in patients undergoing elective inguinal herniorrhaphy.
Plasma concentrations of bupivacaine after supraclavicular brachial plexus blockade in patients with chronic renal failure.
Cyclopropane and the Datex Capnomac. Effect of cyclopropane on the single wavelength infrared measurement of volatile anaesthetic agents.
Renal artery imaging: a prospective comparison of intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography with conventional angiography.
Pentoxifylline in the treatment of vascular impotence--case reports.
Measurement of tissue perfusion by dynamic computed tomography.
Lymphography--current role in oncology.
Alpha 2-macroglobulin is not an acute-phase protein in the rat testis.
Inability of Tfm (testicular feminization) epithelial cells to express androgen-dependent seminal vesicle secretory proteins in chimeric tissue recombinants.
Measurement of blood flow through AV-fistulae by means of Doppler sonography in regularly haemodialysed patients.
Serum alpha-1 acid glycoprotein in chronic renal failure and hemodialysis.
Successful haemodialysis via an unusually sited subclavian catheter.
Recurrent focal segmental glomerulosclerosis after renal transplantation.
The frequency and significance of ECG changes after transurethral prostate resection.
Advances in the understanding and treatment of urinary tract infections in young women.
Bladder outlet obstruction treated with transurethral ultrasonic aspiration. One-year follow-up on 59 patients.
Double-blind, cross-over study comparing prostaglandin E1 and papaverine in patients with vasculogenic impotence.
Early catheter removal vs. conventional practice in patients undergoing transurethral resection of prostate.
Renal failure in patients with AIDS-related complex.
Testicular injuries.
Patient satisfaction with Mentor inflatable penile prosthesis.
Urethral pressure changes in women with detrusor instability. Bladder or urethral pathologic process?
Neurogenic bladder in neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
Endourology of lower urinary tract.
Eosinophilic cystitis in children.
Xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis in an infant.
Granulomatous renal mass during endovesical BCG therapy for bladder carcinoma. Diagnosis by fine-needle aspiration.
Clinical study of infertile males with varicocele showing no typical radionuclide blood pooling on dynamic image of scrotal scintigraphy.
Adenocarcinoma of rete testis. Role of inguinal orchiectomy plus retroperitoneal lymph node dissection.
Morphologic changes in detrusor muscles of patients with chronic obstruction of lower urinary tract. Electronmicroscopic and immunohistochemical findings.
Experimental evaluation of furosemide renography in unobstructed and partially obstructed upper urinary tracts in pigs.
Possible metastatic routes via portacaval shunts in renal adenocarcinoma with liver metastasis.
Role of calcium channel blockers in protection against experimental renal injury.
Therapeutic benefits of calcium channel blockers in cyclosporine-treated organ transplant recipients: blood pressure control and immunosuppression.
Improvement of cadaver renal transplantation outcomes with verapamil: a review.
Urinary albumin excretion in patients with familial Mediterranean fever: a pilot study.
Case report: cisplatin-induced hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Long-term follow up of renal function in IgA nephropathy.
Renal histological changes in relation to renal function and urinary protein excretion in IgA nephropathy.
Identification, characterization, and quantitation of soluble HLA antigens in the circulation and peritoneal dialysate of renal patients.
The MAGPI hypospadias repair in 1111 patients.
Erdheim-Chester disease. Case report with autopsy findings.
Pagetoid carcinomatous involvement of the penile urethra in association with high-grade transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
Malignant lymphoma of the urinary bladder. A case with signet-ring cells simulating urachal adenocarcinoma.
Effects of self-monitored exercise on selected blood chemistry parameters of end-stage renal disease patients.
Terodiline with bladder retraining for treating detrusor instability in elderly people.
Urinary retention after pyeloplasty.
Incontinence in the elderly: objective demonstration and quantitative assessment.
Diagnosis and treatment of neurogenic bladder due to partial sacral agenesis.
Flexible cystoscopy compared with ultrasound in the detection of recurrent bladder tumours.
Indoramin in the treatment of prostatic bladder outflow obstruction.
Fractures of the penis: therapeutic approach and long-term results.
Non-invasive assessment of arteriogenic impotence: a comparative study.
Cavernosometry: methodology and reproducibility with and without pharmacological agents in the evaluation of venous impotence.
Primary vesicoureteric reflux: treatment with subureteric injection of Polytef paste.
Increased plasma apolipoprotein(a) levels in IDDM patients with microalbuminuria.
Evidence of hypothalamic-pituitary thyroid abnormalities in children with end-stage renal disease
Significance of elevated levels of serum creatine phosphokinase in febrile diseases: a prospective study.
Anastomotic obstruction after stapled enteroanastomosis.
Hydronephrosis of pregnancy.
IgA-IgM nephropathy. A subgroup of primary mesangial glomerulonephritis.
Increased ammoniagenesis as a determinant of progressive renal injury.
Vasopressin-dependent kidney hypertrophy: role of urinary concentration in protein-induced hypertrophy and in the progression of chronic renal failure.
Evidence for a pathogenic linkage between glomerular hypertrophy and sclerosis.
Characterization of human renal fibroblasts in health and disease: I. Immunophenotyping of cultured tubular epithelial cells and fibroblasts derived from kidneys with histologically proven interstitial fibrosis.
Characterization of human renal fibroblasts in health and disease: II. In vitro growth, differentiation, and collagen synthesis of fibroblasts from kidneys with interstitial fibrosis.
Minimal change nephrotic syndrome in adults: response to corticosteroid therapy and frequency of relapse.
Renal cortical nephrocalcinosis: a manifestation of extrapulmonary Pneumocystis carinii infection in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Remission of hepatitis B-associated membranous glomerulonephritis in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Disseminated histoplasmosis in a renal transplant patient: a cause of renal failure several years following transplantation.
Renal pathology in Saimiri monkeys during a vaccine trial using the recombinant circumsporozoite protein of Plasmodium vivax.
Pharmacokinetics, neuromuscular effects, and biodisposition of 3-desacetylvecuronium (Org 7268) in cats.
The American Cancer Society National Prostate Cancer Detection Project. Findings on the detection of early prostate cancer in 2425 men.
Single-dose versus fractionated-dose dactinomycin in the treatment of Wilms' tumor. Preliminary results of a clinical trial. The Brazilian Wilms' Tumor Study Group.
DNA ploidy and prostate-specific antigen as prognostic factors in clinically resectable prostate cancer.
ABO(H) antigens and beta-2 microglobulin in transitional cell carcinoma. Predictors of response to intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin.
Hepatoid adenocarcinoma of the renal pelvis producing alpha-fetoprotein of hepatic type and bile pigment.
Immunohistochemical study of androgen receptors in metastatic prostate cancer. Comparison of receptor content and response to hormonal therapy.
Determination of growth fraction in advanced prostate cancer by Ki-67 immunostaining and its relationship to the time to tumor progression after hormonal therapy.
Beta-human chorionic gonadotropin-positive extragonadal germ cell neoplasia of the renal pelvis.
Hypertensive renal damage.
Norepinephrine overflow and renin pattern of the individual kidney in patients with unilateral renal artery stenosis.
Aqueduct block markedly reduces mortality and hypertension in post-deoxycorticosterone acetate Dahl salt-resistant rats.
Irregular isoantibodies in the sera of patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis.
Clinical effect of continuous gastric cooling for massive GI bleeding in uremia.
Red cell membrane during erythropoietin therapy in hemodialysis and in hemodiafiltration.
Septicemia in long-term jugular hemodialysis catheters; eradicating infection by changing the catheter over a guidewire.
Renal hemodynamics, plasma amino acids and hormones after a meat meal in progressive nephron loss.
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin and serum nonsex hormone-binding globulin-bound testosterone fractions in prepubertal boys with chronic renal failure.
Simplification of procedures used to test urine samples for Chlamydia trachomatis.
Microscopic hematuria and calculus-related ureteral obstruction.
Cardiopulmonary arrest following an infusion of calcium 2-amino ethanol phosphate.
Prevalence of renal artery stenosis in diabetes mellitus--an autopsy study.
Procedures of choice in renal nuclear medicine.
What if Americans ate less fat? A quantitative estimate of the effect on mortality.
Diagnostic and therapeutic technology assessment. Vasoactive intracavernous pharmacotherapy for impotence: intracavernous injection of prostaglandin E1.
Analogous pathobiologic mechanisms in glomerulosclerosis and atherosclerosis.
Lipids and progressive kidney disease.
Hyperlipidemia and progressive renal disease.
Effect of dietary manipulation on the lipid abnormalities in patients with chronic renal failure.
Prevention of fetal growth retardation with low-dose aspirin: findings of the EPREDA trial.
Alfuzosin for treatment of benign prostatic hypertrophy. The BPH-ALF Group.
Identification of the causes of persistent hyperuricaemia.
Case-control study of screening for prostatic cancer by digital rectal examinations.
Necrotizing myopathy with pipestem capillaries, microvascular deposition of the complement membrane attack complex (MAC), and minimal cellular infiltration.
Pearly penile papules: absence of human papillomavirus DNA by the polymerase chain reaction.
Endocrine and reproductive dysfunction following fractionated total body irradiation in adults.
Potentially lethal complications of shigellosis.
Urinary tract calculi that form on surgical staples: a characteristic radiologic appearance.
Radiocontrast-associated renal dysfunction: incidence and risk factors
Radiocontrast-associated renal dysfunction: a comparison of lower-osmolality and conventional high-osmolality contrast media [corrected; erratum to be published]
Suture entrapment and secondary ureteral obstruction.
Preeclampsia as the great impostor.
Anaesthesia for a patient with giant axonal neuropathy.
Visual evoked potentials and visual acuity after transurethral resection of the prostate.
Intravascular ultrasound assessment of the renal artery.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with solid tumors without acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Right atrial extension of an embryonal carcinoma of the testis.
Trebling of the incidence of testicular cancer in victoria, Australia (1950-1985).
Improved treatment results in boys with overt testicular relapse during or shortly after initial therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology group study.
Continuous intra-arterial administration of recombinant interleukin-2 in low-stage bladder cancer. A phase IB study.
Special considerations in the management of a patient with multiple sclerosis and a burn injury.
Follicular accentuation of leukocytoclastic vasculitis in an HIV-seropositive man. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Emergency department presentation of renal dialysis patients: indications for EMS transport directly to dialysis centers.
Acetaminophen induced pancreatitis.
Renoprotective effect of low iron diet and its consequence on glomerular hemodynamics.
Significance of mononuclear phagocytes in IgA nephropathy.
Platelet vasopressin receptors in patients with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Lack of correlation between urea kinetic indices and clinical outcomes in CAPD patients.
Metabolic disturbance as a cause of recurrent hematuria in children.
Polyamines in the anemia of end-stage renal disease.
Potential role of PFOB enhanced sonography of the kidney. I. Detection of renal function and acute tubular necrosis.
Effects of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors in hypercholesterolemic patients on hemodialysis.
From Bright's disease to modern nephrology: Pierre Rayer's innovative method of clinical investigation.
Activated (IL-2R+) intraglomerular mononuclear cells in crescentic glomerulonephritis.
Role of iron metabolism in absorption and cellular uptake of aluminum.
Levamisole for corticosteroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome in childhood. British Association for Paediatric Nephrology.
Urinary incontinence among hospitalized persons aged 65 years and older--United States, 1984-1987.
Genetic basis of X-Y chromosome dissociation and male sterility in interspecific hybrids.
The retinoblastoma gene functions as a growth and tumor suppressor in human bladder carcinoma cells.
Stage B adenocarcinoma of the prostate: transrectal US and pathologic correlation of nonmalignant hypoechoic peripheral zone lesions.
Assessment of normal and abnormal erectile function: color Doppler flow sonography versus conventional techniques.
Seminal vesicle cysts: association with adult polycystic kidney disease.
Renal lesion characterization with gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging: efficacy and safety in patients with renal insufficiency.
Effect of positive end-expiratory pressure on intra-abdominal pressure.
Seminoma of the testis in a patient with 48,XXYY variant of Klinefelter's syndrome.
Acute anuric renal failure after pigmy rattlesnake bite.
Klebsiella pneumoniae urinary tract infection complicated by endophthalmitis, perinephric abscess, and ecthyma gangrenosum.
Complications of the variable screw plate pedicle screw fixation.
Cardiovascular hemodynamic effects of correction of anemia of chronic renal failure with recombinant-human erythropoietin.
Changes in periurethral microflora after antimicrobial drugs.
Management of foreskin problems.
Preservation of urine voiding and sexual function after rectal cancer surgery
Biological effects of sex hormone-binding globulin on androgen-induced proliferation and androgen metabolism in LNCaP prostate cells.
Surgical treatment and prevention of vasculopathic impotence in conjunction with revascularisation of the lower extremities in Leriche's syndrome.
Impaired autoregulation of glomerular capillary hydrostatic pressure in the rat remnant nephron.
Noninvasive detection of Chlamydia trachomatis urethritis in men by a rapid enzyme immunoassay test [published erratum appears in J Fam Pract 1991 Sep;33(3):313]
Decrease in renal vascular resistance in University of Wisconsin solution preserved kidney transplants.
Radical prostatectomy for localized prostatic carcinoma in the renal transplant patient.
Simple tests to determine urinary risk factors and calcium oxalate crystallization in the outpatient clinic.
Cortical evoked potentials by stimulation of the vesicourethral junction: clinical value and neurophysiological considerations.
Extramural ambulatory urodynamic monitoring during natural filling and normal daily activities: evaluation of 100 patients.
Transvaginal ultrasonography and urodynamic evaluation after suspension operations: comparison among the Gittes, Stamey and Burch suspensions.
Anterior innominate osteotomies for failure or late closure of bladder exstrophy.
Ischemic necrosis: a hypothesis to explain the pathogenesis of spontaneously ruptured enterocystoplasty.
Mixed acid fermentation of glucose as a mechanism of emphysematous urinary tract infection.
Splenosis presenting as a left renal mass indistinguishable from renal cell carcinoma.
Spontaneous recovery of renal function after resection of contralateral hypernephroma.
Complications of the Heitz-Boyer urinary diversion: case report of late development of malignancy.
Chronic hematocele complicating renal failure and hemodialysis.
Inhibition of prostatic tumor cell proliferation by suramin: alterations in TGF alpha-mediated autocrine growth regulation and cell cycle distribution.
Adoptive immunotherapy using lymphokine-activated killer cells and recombinant interleukin-2 in preventing and treating spontaneous pulmonary metastases of syngeneic Dunning rat prostate tumor.
The protective role of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] in the pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis.
Murine monoclonal antibodies reactive with a variety of androgen independent Dunning rat prostate adenocarcinoma sublines also reactive with human prostate adenocarcinoma.
Vesicoureteral reflux in the adult. V. Unilateral disease.
Binding sites for P and/or type 1-piliated Escherichia coli in human ureter.
Immunization against urinary tract infection with a multi-valent vaginal vaccine.
The expression of epidermal growth factor receptor on human bladder cancer: potential use in radioimmunoscintigraphy.
The impact of tumor size on the efficacy of monoclonal antibody-targeted radiotherapy: studies using a nude mouse model with human renal cell carcinoma xenografts.
Stage T1 bladder cancer: grade is the primary determinant for risk of muscle invasion.
A low dose bacillus Calmette-Guerin regimen in superficial bladder cancer therapy: is it effective?
Long-term patient survival after cystectomy for regional metastatic transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Urethroplasty using the pedicled island flap technique in complicated urethral strictures.
Evaluation of penile dorsal arteries and deep arteries in arteriogenic impotence.
Treatment options for ureteral calculi: endourology or extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Systemic treatment with interferon-alpha 2B: an effective method to prevent sterility after bilateral mumps orchitis.
The role of alkaline phosphatase isoenzymes as tumor markers for testicular germ cell tumors.
Intrascrotal adenomatoid tumors.
Characterization of prostate cancer, benign prostatic hyperplasia and normal prostates using transrectal 31phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy: a preliminary report.
The ability of systematic transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy to detect prostate cancer in men with the clinical diagnosis of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Efficacy of transrectal ultrasound for identification of clinically undetected prostate cancer.
Anesthesia-free in situ extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of ureteral stones.
Preoperative prediction of pathological tumor volume and stage in clinically localized prostate cancer: comparison of digital rectal examination, transrectal ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging.
An improved method for computerized tomography-planned transperineal 125iodine prostate implants.
Natural course of clinically localized prostate adenocarcinoma in men less than 70 years old.
Long-term followup results after expectant management of stage A1 prostatic cancer.
Recombinant erythropoietin and Medicare payment.
Group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal balanitis: it may be more common than you think.
Gentamicin and vancomycin removal by continuous venovenous hemofiltration.
Is there a reliable index of glomerular filtration rate in critically ill patients?
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and the risk for chronic renal disease
Clonidine inhibits vesico-sphincter reflexes in patients with chronic spinal lesions.
Regression of reactive systemic amyloidosis due to ankylosing spondylitis following the administration of colchicine.
Microalbuminuria in patients with essential hypertension. Effects of an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor and of a calcium channel blocker.
Colonic complications after toxic tribal enemas.
Clinical outcome and health care costs in renal revascularization--percutaneous transluminal renal angioplasty versus reconstructive surgery.
The growing teratoma syndrome.
Bacteremia in adult diabetic patients.
Effect of kidney dysfunction on lung volume in patients with diabetes.
Evolution of glomerular filtration rate in proteinuric NIDDM patients.
Comparison of hemostasis with two high-flux hemocompatible dialysis membranes.
Treatment of severe male-factor infertility with high concentrations of motile sperm by microinsemination in embryo cryopreservation straws.
Spontaneous common iliac arteriovenous fistula manifested by acute renal failure: a case report.
Improved survival in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura-hemolytic uremic syndrome. Clinical experience in 108 patients
Management options in fulminant hepatic failure.
Prognostic factors in mesangial IgA glomerulonephritis: an extensive study with univariate and multivariate analyses.
Transient massive proteinuria associated with Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection.
The fate of aggregated immunoglobulin A injected in IgA nephropathy patients and healthy controls.
Effect of low-protein, very-low-phosphorus diet on diabetic renal insufficiency with proteinuria.
Hypertension as a causative diagnosis of patients entering end-stage renal disease programs in the United States from 1980 to 1986.
Enalapril can treat the proteinuria of membranous glomerulonephritis without detriment to systemic or renal hemodynamics.
Recombinant human erythropoietin to correct uremic bleeding.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the therapeutic use of recombinant human erythropoietin for anemia associated with chronic renal failure in predialysis patients. The US Recombinant Human Erythropoietin Predialysis Study Group [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Sep;18(3):420]
Low-dose recombinant human erythropoietin therapy in chronic hemodialysis patients.
The comprehension of nephrology in America a century ago.
Taurine levels in plasma and blood cells in patients undergoing routine maintenance hemodialysis.
Ascorbic acid supplements in patients receiving chronic peritoneal dialysis.
Patient and technique survival among an urban population of peritoneal dialysis patients: an 8-year experience.
Case report: dextran-induced acute anuric renal failure.
Ureteral obstruction after abdominal aortic surgery.
National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group report on hypertension and chronic renal failure.
The incidence of gross proteinuria in people with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Excess mortality associated with diuretic therapy in diabetes mellitus
Does racial variation in risk factors explain black-white differences in the incidence of hypertensive end-stage renal disease?
Antagonism of the hypnotic effect of midazolam in children: a randomized, double-blind study of placebo and flumazenil administered after midazolam-induced anaesthesia.
Differences in the leucine aminopeptidase activity in extracts from human prostatic carcinoma and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
A prospective trial of intrauterine insemination of motile spermatozoa versus timed intercourse.
Sperm motility index: a new parameter for human sperm evaluation.
Semen quality in varicocele patients is characterized by tapered sperm cells.
Human immunodeficiency virus-1 infection in an infertile population.
Preimplantation genetics: chromosomes of fragmented human embryos.
In vivo and in vitro rat model for cyclosporine-induced proximal tubular toxicity
Functional, biochemical, and histopathologic consequences of high-dose interleukin-2 administration in rats.
The clinical utility of prostate-specific antigen and bone scintigraphy in prostate cancer follow-up.
Acyclovir therapy in neonates.
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia: a newly recognized multisystem disease.
Metabolism of 25-OH-vitamin D3 by peritoneal macrophages from CAPD patients.
Hemodialysis with cuprophane membrane modulates interleukin-2 receptor expression.
Diagnostic significance of hypocomplementemia [editorial]
Effects of reduced renal function and dietary protein on muscle protein synthesis.
Sodium handling by deep nephrons and the terminal collecting duct in glomerulonephritis.
Regulation of parathyroid hormone synthesis in chronic renal failure in rats.
Increased plasma prorenin but not renin after bilateral ureteral ligation in dogs.
Beta 2-microglobulin kinetics in end-stage renal failure.
Involvement of thromboxane A2, leukotrienes and free radicals in puromycin nephrosis in rats.
Effects of dietary fatty acids in an animal model of focal glomerulosclerosis.
Identification of a low molecular weight inhibitor of osteoblast mitogenesis in uremic plasma.
Proto-oncogene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in IgA nephropathy.
Elevated circulating levels of interleukin-6 in patients with chronic renal failure.
The DQw7 allele at the HLA-DQB locus is associated with susceptibility to IgA nephropathy in Caucasians.
Ribosome and free amino acid content in muscle during hemodialysis.
Beta 2-microglobulin deposition in bone in chronic renal failure.
Circulating anti-entactin antibodies in patients with glomerulonephritis.
Elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and mild fetal uropathy.
Renal artery stenosis: preliminary results of treatment with the Strecker stent.
Ureteral jets in healthy subjects and in patients with unilateral ureteral calculi: comparison with color Doppler US.
Autourethrography.
Stricture disease: radiology of urethral stents.
Impassable ureteral strictures: management with percutaneous ureteroneocystostomy.
Renal peripelvic lymphangiectasia: appearance at CT.
Aztreonam monotherapy as prophylaxis in transurethral resection of the prostate: a multicenter study.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose aztreonam in the treatment of moderate to severe infections due to gram-negative bacilli.
Efficacy and safety of aztreonam in the treatment of patients with renal failure.
Urinary retention--an unusual dystonic reaction to continuous metoclopramide infusion.
Correlation between visual clues, objective architectural features, and interobserver agreement in prostate cancer.
Pharmacodynamic parameters and toxicity of netilmicin (6 milligrams/kilogram/day) given once daily or in three divided doses to cancer patients with urinary tract infection.
Loracarbef versus cefaclor in the treatment of urinary tract infections in women.
Racial differences in HLA antigen frequency and hypertensive renal failure.
Hypoperfusion of cerebral cortex in renal hypertensive rats.
Value of the patient's case history in diagnosing urinary incontinence in general practice.
Urethral pressure and power generation during coughing and voluntary contraction of the pelvic floor in females with genuine stress incontinence.
Assessment of the long-term results of subtrigonal phenolisation.
Bladder substitution with ileocaecal (Mainz) pouch. Clinical performance over 2 years.
Clinical experience with subcutaneous urinary diversion: new approach using a double pigtail stent.
Multi-centre phase II study of low dose intravesical epirubicin in the treatment of superficial bladder cancer. Yorkshire and Scottish Urological Cancer Research Groups.
Neo-adjuvant (pre-emptive) cisplatin therapy in invasive transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Comparison of transrectal ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging in the staging of prostate cancer.
Prognostic value of raised prostatic acid phosphatase and negative skeletal scintigraphy in prostatic cancer.
Prostatic specific antigen related to clinical status 1 to 14 years after radical retropubic prostatectomy.
Study of the seminal vesicles in acute epididymitis.
Urological aspects of Behcet's disease.
Treatment of organic impotence.
Bladder compliance in myelodysplastic children: effect of anti-reflux surgery and conservative treatment. Paediatric urology.
Relationship between outlet obstruction constipation and obstructed urinary flow.
Bone scan as a stratification variable in advanced prostate cancer.
The effect of preoperative therapy on the histologic features of Wilms' tumor. An analysis of cases from the Third National Wilms' Tumor Study.
Sarcomatous change in a teratoma after treatment of testicular carcinoma.
A model of prostatic carcinoma tumor kinetics based on prostate specific antigen levels after radiation therapy.
Platelet-activating factor in sperm from fertile and subfertile men.
The correlation between sperm cell morphology and fertilization after zona pellucida slitting in subfertile males.
Pelvic muscle exercise for stress urinary incontinence in elderly women.
Is adjuvant chemotherapy necessary for patients with stage B1 testicular cancer?
A phase I trial of high-dose diaziquone and autologous bone marrow transplantation: an Illinois Cancer Council study.
Ifosfamide, Fanconi's syndrome, and rickets.
Impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation in isolated thoracic aorta of rats with daunomycin-induced nephrosis.
Nongynecologic somatic pathology in women with chronic pelvic pain and negative laparoscopy.
von Willebrand factor: clinical features of inherited and acquired disorders.
The anal continence plug: a disposable device for patients with anorectal incontinence.
Renal abscess in childhood: diagnostic and therapeutic progress.
Total parathyroidectomy alone or with autograft for renal hyperparathyroidism?
IgM-associated primary diffuse mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis: natural history and prognostic indicators.
The determinants of early nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a prospective study based on the urinary excretion of albumin.
Color Doppler sonography in the evaluation of erectile dysfunction: patterns of temporal response to papaverine.
Abnormalities of the seminal tract causing infertility: diagnosis with endorectal sonography.
Early detection of preeclampsia.
Relationship of epidermal growth factor receptor detectability with the A, B, H blood group antigens. Emphasis on normal and neoplastic urothelium.
Orchitis and human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infected cells in reproductive tissues from men with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Hypertension in women: what is really known? The Women's Caucus, Working Group on Women's Health of the Society of General Internal Medicine.
Steady-state pharmacokinetics of intramuscular imipenem-cilastatin in elderly patients with various degrees of renal function.
Single-dose trospectomycin for chlamydial urethritis in men.
Randomized study of interleukin 2 (IL-2) alone vs IL-2 plus lymphokine-activated killer cells for treatment of melanoma and renal cell cancer.
Characterization of the renal microvascular effects of angiotensin II antagonist, DuP 753: studies in isolated perfused hydronephrotic kidneys.
Urea monitoring during dialysis: the wave of the future. A tale of two cities.
A comparative analysis of mass transport models in peritoneal dialysis.
The potential of a microencapsulated urease-zeolite oral sorbent for the removal of urea in uremia.
Plasma endothelin in coronary venous blood from patients with either stable or unstable angina.
Solitary extramedullary plasmacytoma of the maxillary antrum and orbit presenting as acute bacterial orbital cellulitis.
Leiomyosarcoma arising in atypical fibromuscular hyperplasia (phyllodes tumor) of the prostate with distant metastasis.
Risk factors for bilateral testicular germ cell tumors. Does heredity play a role?
Wegener's granulomatosis with renal involvement: patient survival and correlations between initial renal function, renal histology, therapy and renal outcome.
Renal failure in adult onset hypophosphatemic osteomalacia with Fanconi syndrome: a family study and review of the literature.
The effect of prostacyclin on intracranial pressure in patients with acute hepatic and renal failure.
Uremic polyneuropathy: a clinical and electrophysiological study in 135 short- and long-term hemodialyzed patients.
Progression of a naproxen and amoxicillin induced acute interstitial nephritis with nephrotic syndrome: case report.
Correction of anemia in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis with subcutaneous recombinant erythropoietin twice a week: a long-term study.
Removal of trace metals by continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis after desferrioxamine B chelation therapy.
Hepatic computed tomography for monitoring the iron status of haemodialysis patients with haemosiderosis treated with recombinant human erythropoietin.
Solitary colonic metastasis from renal-cell carcinoma 17 years after nephrectomy. Report of a case.
Impaired intestinal barrier function measured by differently sized polyethylene glycols in patients with chronic renal failure.
Hypertension as a risk factor for renal disease. Review of clinical and epidemiological evidence
Prognostic value of serum creatinine and effect of treatment of hypertension on renal function. Results from the hypertension detection and follow-up program. The Hypertension Detection and Follow-up Program Cooperative Group.
Detection of Chlamydia trachomatis DNA in patients with non-gonococcal urethritis using the polymerase chain reaction.
Haemorrhagic colitis and haemolytic-uraemic syndrome: false positive reaction with a rotavirus latex agglutination test.
Sexually transmitted diseases in mothers of neonates with congenital cytomegalovirus infection.
Glomerular hemodynamic effects of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation.
Clearance and synthesis rates of beta 2-microglobulin in patients undergoing hemodialysis and in normal subjects.
Pregnancy outcome in patients with high titer anti-RNP antibodies. A retrospective study of 40 pregnancies.
Laparoscopic nephrectomy: initial case report.
Stryker frame gantry modification for extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy to circumvent positioning problems.
The use of local anesthesia in second generation extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: eutectic mixture of local anesthetics.
Equivalence of mobile and fixed lithotriptors for upper tract stones.
Comparative studies of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy by Dornier HM3, EDAP LT 01 and Sonolith 2000 devices.
Sonographic visualization of the ureter in pregnancy.
Ileal segment for ureteral substitution or for improvement of ureteral function.
Optimization of replacement of the ureter by ileum.
Neobladder construction using completely detubularized sigmoid colon after radical cystoprostatectomy.
Residual tumor discovered in routine second transurethral resection in patients with stage T1 transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Treatment of pharmacological priapism with phenylephrine.
The surgical treatment of chordee without hypospadias in men.
Resection of the inferior vena cava or intraluminal vena caval tumor thrombectomy during retroperitoneal lymph node dissection for metastatic germ cell cancer: indications and results.
Refractory chronic bacterial prostatitis: a re-evaluation of ciprofloxacin treatment after a median followup of 30 months.
Elevated plasma chromogranin-A concentrations in prostatic carcinoma.
Effect of temporary occlusion of hypogastric arteries on blood loss during radical retropubic prostatectomy.
Transrectal ultrasonography in stage A prostate cancer: detection of residual tumor after transurethral resection of prostate.
Analysis of prognostic factors in men with metastatic prostate cancer. Uro-Oncology Group of Northern Alberta.
Monotherapy with nilutamide, a pure nonsteroidal antiandrogen, in untreated patients with metastatic carcinoma of the prostate. The Italian Prostatic Cancer Project.
Small cell carcinoma of the genitourinary tract: an immunohistochemical, electron microscopic and clinicopathological study.
The long-term results of artificial sphincters in children.
Adrenal hemangioma: an unusual adrenal mass delineated with magnetic resonance imaging.
Renal pelvic explosion during conservative management of upper tract urothelial cancer.
The use of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with aortic aneurysms.
Ureteronephroscopic marsupialization of obstructing peripelvic renal cyst.
Short arm dicentric Y chromosome in a sterile man: a case report.
Cytomegalovirus epididymitis following renal transplantation.
Prostatic abscess after transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy.
Type IV procollagen mRNA regulation: evidence for extracellular matrix/cytoskeleton/nuclear matrix interactions in human urothelium.
High energy underwater shock wave treatment on implanted urinary bladder cancer in rabbits.
The possible influence of antibiotics on results of bacillus Calmette-Guerin intravesical therapy for superficial bladder cancer.
New potent verapamil derivatives that reverse multidrug resistance in human renal carcinoma cells and in transgenic mice expressing the human MDR1 gene.
Effects of sensitization on female guinea pig urinary bladder function: in vivo and in vitro studies.
Urease and the acidosis of urinary intestinal diversion.
Nerve growth factor, nerve grafts and amniotic membrane grafts restore erectile function in rats.
An immunochemical and immunohistochemical study of aldolase isozymes in renal cell carcinoma.
Chinese medicinal herbs reverse macrophage suppression induced by urological tumors.
Pulmonary function in chronic renal failure: effects of dialysis and transplantation.
Nonpharmacologic treatment of urinary incontinence.
Paleonephrology and reflux nephropathy. From the 'big bang' to end-stage renal disease.
X-linked hypophosphatemia. Genetic and clinical correlates.
Left ventricular performance during propofol or methohexital anesthesia: isotopic and invasive cardiac monitoring.
Long-term preservation of renal function in patients with lupus nephritis receiving treatment that includes cyclophosphamide versus those treated with prednisone only.
Effect of surgery on the systemic inflammatory response to intermittent claudication
Efficacy of captopril in postponing nephropathy in normotensive insulin dependent diabetic patients with microalbuminuria.
Conventional treatment of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome and membranous nephropathy in adults.
Mechanism of action of cyclosporin A and rationale for use in nephrotic syndrome.
Epidemiology and natural course of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome.
Treatment of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome with cyclosporin A in children.
Treatment of adult idiopathic nephrotic syndrome with cyclosporin A: minimal-change disease and focal-segmental glomerulosclerosis. Collaborative Group of the French Society of Nephrology.
Current status of cyclosporin A in the treatment of membranous, IgA and membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis.
Safety and tolerability of cyclosporin A (Sandimmun) in idiopathic nephrotic syndrome. Collaborative Study Group of Sandimmun in Nephrotic Syndrome.
Conventional therapy for idiopathic nephrotic syndrome in children.
Intestinal obstruction during shigellosis: incidence, clinical features, risk factors, and outcome.
Plasma immunoreactive endothelin-1 in experimental malignant hypertension.
Effect of nephritogenic antibody on complement regulation in cultured rat glomerular epithelial cells.
Blood glucose control and albuminuria in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Epidemiology of hemolytic-uremic syndrome in Canadian children from 1986 to 1988. The Canadian Pediatric Kidney Disease Reference Centre.
Reduction in tumor burden allowing partial nephrectomy following preoperative chemotherapy in biopsy proved Wilms tumor.
Extended followup of bilateral Wilms tumor: results of the National Wilms Tumor Study.
Collagen and elastin in the obstructed fetal bladder.
The use of intravesical oxybutynin chloride in children with neurogenic bladder.
Urodynamic evaluation of the continence mechanism following urethral lengthening--reimplantation and enterocystoplasty.
Urodynamic evaluation of the patient with an imperforate anus: a prospective study.
Bladder augmentation in patients with neurogenic bladder and vesicoureteral reflux.
Abdominal cerebrospinal fluid pseudocyst: occurrence after intraperitoneal urological surgery in children with ventriculoperitoneal shunts.
Sequential renography and renal function in Brown-Norway rats with congenital hydronephrosis.
The role of the kidney in lung growth and maturation in the setting of obstructive uropathy and oligohydramnios.
Radionuclide diuresis pyelography.
Diuretic Doppler sonography in postnatal hydronephrosis.
Vesical neck reconstruction in patients with epispadias-exstrophy complex.
Techniques to create urinary continence in the cloacal exstrophy patient.
Evidence in favor of the mechanical (intrauterine torsion) theory over the endocrinopathy (cryptorchidism) theory in the pathogenesis of testicular agenesis.
Effectiveness of trigonoplasty to treat primary vesicoureteral reflux.
M inverted V glansplasty: a procedure for distal hypospadias.
Distal hypospadias repair by urethral sliding advancement and Y-V glanuloplasty.
Renal blood flow measurements using radioactive microspheres in a porcine model with unilateral vesicoureteral reflux.
Urinary levels of renal tubular enzyme N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase in relation to grade of vesicoureteral reflux.
Duplex reflux: a study of 105 children.
Asymptomatic celiac and superior mesenteric artery stenoses are more prevalent among patients with unsuspected renal artery stenoses.
Causes of death in patients with tuberous sclerosis.
Imaging of haemodialysis-associated amyloidosis with 123I-serum amyloid P component.
Fish oil treatment of hyperlipidemia in children and adolescents receiving renal replacement therapy.
Drug-induced renal toxicity. Help in recognizing offending agents.
Urinary incontinence. Not a 'normal' part of aging.
Platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) and PDGF receptor are induced in mesangial proliferative nephritis in the rat.
Correlation between retinoblastoma gene expression and differentiation in human testicular tumors.
Allografts of tumor nuclear transplantation embryos: differentiation competence.
Pseudosarcomatous fibromyxoid tumor of the prostate. A case report with immunohistochemical, electron microscopic, and DNA flow cytometric analysis.
Role of renal sympathetic nerve activity in renal failure associated with obstructive jaundice in the rat.
Safety of simultaneous aortic reconstruction and renal transplantation.
Fatal theophylline poisoning with rhabdomyolysis. A potential role for dantrolene treatment.
Loop diuretics for chronic renal insufficiency: a continuous infusion is more efficacious than bolus therapy.
Seborrheic keratoses from the genital region may contain human papillomavirus DNA.
Inverted papilloma of the urinary bladder with granular eosinophilic cells. An unusual neuroendocrine variant.
Sulfadiazine-induced crystalluria in AIDS patients with toxoplasma encephalitis.
Guiding catheter-assisted renal artery angioplasty.
Postoperative urinary retention associated with total hip and total knee arthroplasties.
Severity of Helicobacter-induced gastric injury correlates with gastric juice ammonia.
IgA nephropathy in non-cirrhotic portal hypertension.
Patient and technique survival for blind and sighted diabetics on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: a ten-year analysis.
Hydronephrosis after aortofemoral bypass graft. A prospective study.
Role of nitric oxide in renal medullary oxygenation. Studies in isolated and intact rat kidneys.
Serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels in non-hypertensive lean NIDDM patients.
Nephrocalcinosis in Sjogren's syndrome: a late sequela of renal tubular acidosis.
Platelet-activating factor receptor blocking reduces proteinuria and improves survival in lupus autoimmune mice.
Bowel perforation and interstitial cystitis in childhood systemic lupus erythematosus.
Correction of erythrocyte abnormalities in idiopathic calcium-oxalate nephrolithiasis and reduction of urinary oxalate by oral glycosaminoglycans.
Abdominal abscess due to Cardiobacterium hominis and Clostridium bifermentans.
The use of amphotericin B in nosocomial fungal infection.
The risk of ligation of the left renal vein in resection of the abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Renal cell carcinoma in young and old patients. Comparison of prognostic pathologic variables (cell type, tumor grade and stage, and DNA ploidy pattern) and their impact on disease outcome.
Comprehensive evaluation and treatment of 75 men referred to chronic prostatitis clinic.
Prostate balloon dilatation monitored by transrectal ultrasound.
Effects of prostatectomy on sexual function.
Clinical stage I nonseminomatous germ cell tumors of testis. Observation vs retroperitoneal lymph node dissection.
Identifying risk factors in development of clinically significant post-shock-wave lithotripsy subcapsular hematomas.
Relationship between use of diuretics and continence status in the elderly.
Correlation of radionuclide urodynamometric and clinical data in 20 men with urinary symptoms.
ESWL treatment with ventral shock-wave application: therapy of iliac and distal ureteral calculi.
Renal cell carcinoma in children.
Serum biomarkers in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Recombinant alpha interferon in metastatic renal cell carcinoma. A cooperative phase II study.
Perirenal lipoma versus renal cell carcinoma.
Squamous metaplasia in hormonally treated prostatic cancer. Significance during follow-up.
Extravaginal torsion of spermatic cord in adult.
Intrarenal pancreatic cyst.
Effect of radiation combined with hyperthermia on human prostatic carcinoma cell lines in culture.
Sex and disability are not mutally exclusive. Evaluation and management.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies: the nephrologist's perspective.
Pulmonary hemorrhage and necrotizing glomerulonephritis without glomerular immune deposits: report of two cases.
Pheochromocytoma in a long-term hemodialysis patient.
Cardiovascular and metabolic characteristics of hypertension.
Eosinophiluria in atheroembolic renal disease.
Increased steady-state levels of mRNA coding for extracellular matrix components in kidneys of NZB/W F1 mice.
Interleukin-2 induces early multisystem organ edema mediated by neutrophils.
Systemic allergic contact dermatitis from intravesical instillation of the antitumor antibiotic mitomycin C.
Idiopathic scrotal calcinosis is idiopathic.
Response to tumor necrosis factor in two cases of psoriasis.
Low-grade, latent prostate cancer volume: predictor of clinical cancer incidence?
Can urinary thyroid hormone loss cause hypothyroidism?
Cocaine and indomethacin: fetal anuria, neonatal edema, and gastrointestinal bleeding.
Placenta previa percreta involving the urinary bladder: a report of two cases and review of the literature.
Acute twin-twin transfusion: a possible mechanism for brain-damaged survivors after intrauterine death of a monochorionic twin.
CT and pathologic predictive features of residual mass histologic findings after chemotherapy for nonseminomatous germ cell tumors: can residual malignancy or teratoma be excluded?
Clear cell sarcoma of the kidney: CT, sonographic, and pathologic correlation.
Urinary symptom and quality of life questions indicative of obstructive benign prostatic hyperplasia. Results of a pilot study.
Incidence and outcome of surgery for benign prostatic hyperplasia among residents of Rochester, Minnesota: 1980-87. A population-based study.
Endorectal sonography in the evaluation of rectal and perirectal disease.
Diagnosis of acute pyelonephritis in children: comparison of sonography and 99mTc-DMSA scintigraphy.
Assessment of Kegel pelvic muscle exercise performance after brief verbal instruction.
Congenital hydronephrosis: correlation of fetal ultrasonographic findings with infant outcome.
The value of tests predicting renovascular hypertension in patients with renal artery stenosis treated by angioplasty.
Use of random urine samples to estimate total urinary calcium and phosphate excretion.
Extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy or extracorporeal piezoelectric lithotripsy? Comparison of costs and results.
Anaesthesia-free extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with renal calculi.
Do not catheterise your nephrectomies.
Long-term effect of pelvic floor exercises on female urinary incontinence.
Clam enterocystoplasty in general urological practice.
The significance of an open bladder neck in women.
Measurement of in vivo urological tumour cell kinetics using multiparameter flow cytometry. Preliminary study.
Detection of human papillomavirus DNA in cancer of the urinary bladder by in situ hybridisation.
Hospitalisation of prostatic cancer patients undergoing orchiectomy.
High-dose medroxyprogesterone acetate versus estramustine in therapy-resistant prostatic cancer: a randomised study.
Morphometric evidence for bone resorption and replacement in prostate cancer.
Neurophysiology of the striated urethral sphincter in multiple sclerosis.
Forced hydration prior to renography in children with hydronephrosis. An evaluation.
Early computed colour echo Doppler imaging following renal transplantation.
The role of radical surgery in the management of radiation recurrent and large volume prostate cancer.
Effect of dietary proteins and lipids in patients with membranous nephropathy and nephrotic syndrome.
Crescentic glomerulonephritis in Wegener's granulomatosis: morphology, therapy, outcome.
Very late recurrence of renal vasculitis.
Glomerular proteinuria as an early sign of renal-transplant rejection.
Familial juvenile gouty nephropathy with renal urate hypoexcretion preceding renal disease.
Nutritional assessment in anemic hemodialysis patients treated with recombinant human erythropoietin.
Regression of left ventricular hypertrophy after partial correction of anemia with erythropoietin in patients on hemodialysis: a prospective study.
Genitourinary cytology.
Sexual function and testosterone levels in men with nonalcoholic liver disease.
Comparison of intact, midregion, and carboxy terminal assays of parathyroid hormone for the diagnosis of bone disease in hemodialyzed patients.
Subtotal parathyroidectomy for secondary hyperparathyroidism in chronic renal failure.
Prognostic factors in invasive bladder carcinoma in a prospective trial of preoperative adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy
Surveillance alone versus radiotherapy after orchiectomy for clinical stage I nonseminomatous testicular cancer. Danish Testicular Cancer Study Group.
Cisplatin, etoposide, and ifosfamide salvage therapy for refractory or relapsing germ cell carcinoma.
Microscopic hematuria: advances in identification of glomerular dysmorphic erythrocytes.
Cytogenetic abnormalities associated with renal cell carcinoma.
Flow cytometric deoxyribonucleic acid analysis in stage I renal cell carcinoma.
The management of transitional cell carcinoma in solitary renal units.
Planned delayed nephrectomy after ethanol embolization of renal carcinoma.
Circadian infusion of floxuridine in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: an outpatient procedure.
Analgesia in anesthesia-free extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: a standardized protocol.
Renal calculi in lower pole calices: what is the best method of treatment?
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for struvite renal calculi: prospective study with extended followup.
Bacteremia during extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of renal calculi.
Treatment of ureteral calculi with extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy using the Lithostar device.
Balloon dilation of the distal ureter to 24F: an effective method for ureteroscopic stone retrieval.
Conversion of the electrohydraulic electrode to an electromechanical stone impactor: basic studies and a case report.
Early repair of iatrogenic injury to the ureter or bladder after gynecological surgery.
Bacillus Calmette-Guerin and interleukin-2 for treatment of superficial bladder cancer.
Single potential analysis of cavernous electrical activity in impotent patients: a possible diagnostic method for autonomic cavernous dysfunction and cavernous smooth muscle degeneration.
Penile sensory disorders in erectile dysfunction: results of a comprehensive neuro-urophysiological diagnostic evaluation in 123 patients.
Controlled trial of infusion cavernosometry in impotent and potent men.
Pharmacological erection program using prostaglandin E1.
Effect of meal on the physiological and physicochemical actions of potassium citrate.
Urinary excretion of Tamm-Horsfall protein in elderly women.
Clinical application of video image flexible ureteronephroscope for diagnosis of upper urinary tract disorders.
Filling and voiding pressures measured by ambulatory monitoring and conventional studies during natural and artificial bladder filling.
Transperineal ultrasonic voiding cystourethrography using a newly devised chair.
Segmental renal hypoplasia of vascular origin causing renal hypertension in a 3-year-old girl.
A case of vesical paraganglioma behind the symphysis pubis.
Renoduodenal fistula in a patient with chronic nephrostomy drainage: a case report.
Recurrent malacoplakia of the female urethra.
Epilation of hair-bearing urethral grafts using the neodymium:YAG surgical laser.
Purulent corporeal cavernositis secondary to papaverine-induced priapism.
Venogenic impotence following dermal graft repair for Peyronie's disease.
Azoospermia: a complication of hydrocele repair in a fertile population.
Adenocarcinoma of the prostate involving 2 cell types (prostate specific antigen producing and carcinoembryonic antigen producing) with selective metastatic spread.
Three-D muscular arrangement at the ureteropelvic junction and its changes in congenital hydronephrosis: a stereo-morphometric study.
Establishment and characterization of a new human prostatic carcinoma cell line (DuPro-1).
Counseling the infertile couple: when enough is enough.
Role of lymphadenectomy in renal cell carcinoma.
The incidental renal mass. Management alternatives.
Inferior vena caval involvement by renal cell carcinoma. Use of venovenous bypass as adjunct during resection.
Management of renal cell carcinoma with vena caval thrombi via cardiopulmonary bypass and deep hypothermic circulatory arrest.
Adenocarcinoma of the prostate: biopsy to whole mount. Denver VA experience.
Accuracy of imaging modalities in staging the local extent of prostate cancer.
Digital rectal examination and carcinoma of the prostate.
Ratio of polyclonal-monoclonal prostate-specific antigen levels. Discrimination of nodal status in prostate tumors that produce low marker levels.
Long-term follow-up after radical prostatectomy. Identification of prognostic variables.
Is combined modality therapy appropriate for apparently localized carcinoma of the prostate?
Iridium-192 brachytherapy in the treatment of cancer of the prostate.
Local failure after definitive radiation or surgical therapy for carcinoma of the prostate and options for prevention and therapy.
Evaluation of a new bladder tumor marker.
Molecular and immunologic approaches in the management of bladder cancer.
Transurethral resection and intravesical therapy of superficial bladder tumors.
Will Rogers and the results of radical cystectomy for invasive bladder cancer.
Neoadjuvant therapy in invasive bladder cancer. Problems and pitfalls.
Preoperative and postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy using CISCA (cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and cisplatin) in the treatment of invasive transitional-cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Interval report of a phase I-II study utilizing multiple modalities in the treatment of invasive bladder cancer. A bladder-sparing trial.
Evolution of the management of stage I nonseminomatous germ-cell tumors of the testis.
Genitourinary rhabdomyosarcoma in children.
Wilms' tumor 1991. Clinical evaluation and treatment.
Significance of prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia on prostate needle biopsy.
Digitally-directed transrectal biopsy using Biopty gun versus transrectal needle aspiration: comparison of diagnostic yield and comfort.
Transurethral resection of prostate under sedation and local anesthesia (sedoanalgesia). Experience in 100 patients.
Polytetrafluoroethylene vs. polypropylene suture for endoscopic bladder neck suspension.
Application of smooth Teflon clip to inferior vena cava during radical cystectomy to prevent postoperative pulmonary embolism.
Urinary incontinence volume patterns in elderly inpatient men.
Enuresis and the voiding cystourethrogram: a re-evaluation.
Treatment of staghorn calculi with extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy and percutaneous nephrolithotomy.
Extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy in patients with spinal cord dysfunction.
Effect of occluding the urethra while recording urethral stress profile.
Immunohistochemical staining of CA 50 antigen in human bladder cancer. Relation to histologic grade, clinical stage, and prognosis.
Diagnostic usefulness of post-void film in intravenous urogram.
Gallbladder and pancreatic metastases from bilateral renal carcinoma presenting with hematobilia and anemia.
Adrenal rest carcinoma in hilum of kidney.
Prostate-specific antigen and prostatic acid phosphatase: biomolecular and physiologic characteristics.
Is deleting the digital rectal examination a good idea?
Flutamide-induced methemoglobinemia.
Testicular torsion: a surgical emergency.
Terazosin: pharmacokinetics and the effect of age and dose on the incidence of adverse events.
Air-exposed urine dipsticks give false-positive results for glucose and false-negative results for blood.
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus in children.
Six-year experience with a comprehensive approach to the treatment of recurrent childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL-REZ BFM 85). A relapse study of the BFM group.
Phase I-II trial of pentoxifylline for the prevention of transplant-related toxicities following bone marrow transplantation.
Renal disease, epidermal necrosis, and epithelial cell antibodies.
Antenatal diagnosis of pelvic hydronephrosis: assessment of renal function and drainage as a guide to management.
Technetium-99m-MAG3 clearance as a parameter of effective renal plasma flow in patients with proteinuria and lowered serum albumin levels.
Utilization of bone scans in conjunction with prostate-specific antigen levels in the surveillance for recurrence of adenocarcinoma after radical prostatectomy.
Asymptomatic constant isolated proteinuria in children.
High incidence of serum antibodies to Escherichia coli O157 lipopolysaccharide in children with hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Natural history of atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis associated with aortic disease.
Intraoperative duplex sonography during renal artery reconstruction.
Renal cell carcinoma with inferior vena caval involvement.
Tubuloglomerular feedback in obstructive uropathy.
Placebo-controlled, double-blind, cross-over trial of growth hormone treatment in prepubertal children with chronic renal failure.
Pilot study of screening for prostate cancer in general practice.
Parathyroid adenoma manifested as pancreatitis and polyuria.
Hepatitis B virus-associated glomerulonephritis: electron microscopic studies in 98 children.
Selective elevation of monomeric IgA1 in IgA nephropathy patients with normal renal function.
Parathyroid hormone and myocardial performance in dialysis patients.
Mortality in dialysis patients: analysis of the causes of death.
Changing patterns of end-stage renal disease due to hypertension.
Reduction of remnant nephron hypermetabolism by protein restriction.
Validation of the cause of renal failure of patients in the Medicare end-stage renal disease program.
Obstructive acute renal failure by a gravid uterus: a case report and review.
The association of IgA glomerulonephritis and thin glomerular basement membrane disease in a hematuric patient: light and electron microscopic and immunofluorescence investigation.
Prevention of irradiation-induced bowel discomfort by sucralfate: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study when treating localized pelvic cancer.
Reversible renal insufficiency due to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in hypertensive nephrosclerosis.
Is GIFT (gamete intrafallopian transfer) the best treatment for unexplained infertility?
Placental bed spiral arteries in the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
The effect of high parathyroid hormone levels on the development of aluminum-induced osteomalacia in the rat.
A multicenter clinical trial of epoetin beta for anemia of end-stage renal disease.
Bubble cells: renal tubular cells in the urinary sediment with characteristics of viability.
Administration of interleukin-2 (IL-2) results in increased plasma concentrations of IL-5 and eosinophilia in patients with cancer.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the staging of renal cell carcinoma.
Staghorn calculi--long-term results of management.
Recurrent kidney stones: causes and diagnostic criteria in patients from Campania (southern Italy).
Inhibition by sodium-potassium citrate (CG-120) of calcium oxalate crystal growth on to kidney stone fragments obtained from extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Ambulatory monitoring and electronic measurement of urinary leakage in the diagnosis of detrusor instability and incontinence.
Problems in the surgical treatment of interstitial cystitis.
Cystoscopic suction diathermy for the treatment of superficial bladder tumours.
Results of Medical Research Council phase II study of low dose cisplatin and methotrexate in the primary treatment of locally advanced (T3 and T4) transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
The value of ultrasound scanning of the upper urinary tract in patients with bladder outlet obstruction.
The sonographic appearance of irradiated prostate cancer.
Early endoscopic realignment of complete traumatic rupture of the posterior urethra.
Colour duplex sonography in the assessment of impotence.
Lord's procedure--the best operation for hydrocele?
Stage I seminoma of the testis. Adjuvant radiotherapy or surveillance?
Clinical patterns of paediatric urolithiasis.
Liver glutathione and cytochrome P450 activity in experimental infection: study of the relative effects of infectious stress and malnutrition.
Urine collection from disposable nappies.
Circulating and tissue endothelin immunoreactivity in advanced atherosclerosis.
Invasion of the neurovascular bundle by prostate cancer: evaluation with MR imaging.
Increased renal parenchymal echogenicity in the fetus: importance and clinical outcome.
Hyperechoic renal medullary pyramids in infants and children
Fluid collections developing after pancreatic transplantation: radiologic evaluation and intervention.
Clean and dirty shadowing at US: a reappraisal.
Sonoelasticity imaging: results in in vitro tissue specimens.
Preoperative prostate-specific antigen in predicting pathologic stage and grade after radical prostatectomy.
Transurethral resection of prostate prior to definitive irradiation for prostate cancer. Lack of correlation with treatment outcome.
Pathologic review of consecutive radical prostatectomy specimens. Nerve sparing versus nonnerve sparing.
Prostate cancer screening in younger men: prostate-specific antigen and public awareness.
Value of serum alkaline phosphatase and radionuclide bone scans in patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Primary adenocarcinoma of bladder.
Cigarette smoking and other vascular risk factors in vasculogenic impotence.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy in transplanted kidney.
Testicular scanning: evaluating the acute scrotum in the clinical setting.
Renal dynamics after pyeloplasty.
Prostatodynia and herpes simplex virus infection.
Bilateral renal hemangiopericytoma.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis as host response to papillary renal cell carcinoma.
Role of lymphangiography in staging testicular seminoma.
Multicenter study of superficial bladder cancer treated with intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin or adriamycin. Results of long-term follow-up.
Multielement analysis of kidney tissue with renal calculi.
A comparison of dopexamine and dopamine to prevent renal impairment in patients undergoing orthotopic liver transplantation.
Microalbuminuria in clinical practice.
Assessment of risk of overt nephropathy in diabetic patients from albumin excretion in untimed urine specimens.
Iatrogenic renal disease.
Physiotherapy for stress urinary incontinence: a national survey
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-induced renal failure: causes, consequences, and diagnostic uses.
C4A deficiency and poor prognosis in patients with IgA nephropathy.
Autoreactive lymphocytotoxic IgM antibodies in highly sensitized dialysis patients waiting for a kidney transplant: identification and clinical relevance.
Abnormal diastolic left ventricular filling by pulsed Doppler echocardiography in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Pharmacokinetics of vancomycin in patients undergoing hemodialysis with polyacrylonitrile.
Diffuse mesangial sclerosis in a fetus.
Pattern of proteinuria in IgA nephritis by SDS-PAGE: clinical significance.
Renal haemodynamics of cyclosporin A nephrotoxicity in children with juvenile dermatomyositis.
Evidence for two distinct and functionally important sites of enhanced thromboxane production after bilateral ureteral obstruction in the rat.
Influence of nifedipine on cyclosporin A nephrotoxicity after unilateral nephrectomy in the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
Simplified captopril renography in diagnosis and treatment of renal artery stenosis.
Diagnostic usefulness of renal scanning after angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors [editorial]
Renal changes associated with cyclosporine in recent type I diabetes mellitus.
Combined recombinant human erythropoietin-blood letting strategy for treating anemia and iron overload in hemodialysis patients.
In vivo comparative evaluation of hemodialysis tubing plasticized with DEHP and TEHTM.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on the plasma levels of vasoactive regulatory peptides in patients on maintenance hemodialysis.
Impaired formation of the ternary insulin-like growth factor-binding protein complex in patients with hypoglycemia due to nonislet cell tumors.
Sexual function of women taking antihypertensive agents: a comparative study.
Long-term follow-up after partial removal of a solitary kidney
Unlocking sexual issues. Counseling strategies for nurses.
Testicular abscess caused by Salmonella typhi.
Intraplatelet serotonin, beta-thromboglobulin, and histamine concentrations and thromboxane A2 synthesis in renal disease.
Weekly subcutaneous recombinant human erythropoietin corrects anemia of progressive renal failure.
Chronic renal failure in sickle cell disease: risk factors, clinical course, and mortality.
Deletion of mitochondrial DNA in patients with combined features of Kearns-Sayre and MELAS syndromes.
Mediation of immune glomerular injury.
Adaptation to low-protein diets in renal failure: leucine turnover and nitrogen balance.
Endothelin mediates the renal vasoconstriction induced by cyclosporine in the rat.
Regulation of parathyroid cell gene expression in experimental uremia.
T cell regulation of autoimmune interstitial nephritis.
Uric acid crystal binding to renal inner medullary collecting duct cells in primary culture.
Renal sodium and water handling in hypothyroid patients: the role of renal insufficiency.
Parathyroid hormone inhibits B cell proliferation: implications in chronic renal failure.
Moderate protection of renal function and reduction of fibrosis by colchicine in a model of anti-GBM disease in the rabbit.
Transepithelial water permeability in an in vitro model of renal cysts.
Colonic ischemia complicating immunotherapy with interleukin-2 and interferon-alpha.
Prostate-specific antigen levels from completely sectioned, clinically benign, whole prostates.
Later recurrence and longer survival among obese patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Gamete intrafallopian transfer by hysteroscopy as an alternative treatment for infertility.
Elevated serum estradiol associated with increased androstenedione-testosterone ratio in adolescent males with varicocele and gynecomastia.
The microsperm penetration assay: development of a sperm penetration assay suitable for oligospermic males.
Common reactions to transfusions.
Successful foscarnet therapy for cytomegalovirus retinitis in an AIDS patient undergoing hemodialysis: rationale for empiric dosing and plasma level monitoring.
Rheumatoid factor, cryoglobulinemia, anti-DNA, and renal disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in serum and its relationship to T cell abnormality and clinical manifestations of the disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Priapism as a manifestation of isolated genital vasculitis.
Temporarily implanted urethral coil stent for the treatment of recurrent urethral strictures: a preliminary report.
Management of persistent or recurrent urinary incontinence after placement of artificial urinary sphincter.
Calcitonin-gene-related peptide: a possible role in human penile erection and its therapeutic application in impotent patients.
Computerized analysis of smooth muscle fibers in potent and impotent patients.
Changes in penile sensitivity following papaverine-induced erection in sexually functional and dysfunctional men.
Pharmacologically induced erections among geriatric men.
Evidence of malignant features in histologically mature teratoma.
The outcome of prostatectomy on chronic retention of urine.
Cell kinetics by bromodeoxyuridine labeling and deoxyribonucleic acid ploidy in prostatic carcinoma needle biopsies.
The risk of dying of prostate cancer in patients with clinically localized disease.
Prostate specific antigen in the management of patients with localized adenocarcinoma of the prostate treated with primary radiation therapy.
Radical prostatectomy for stage A adenocarcinoma of the prostate: staging errors and their implications for treatment recommendations and disease outcome.
Can stage A1 tumor extent be predicted by transurethral resection tumor volume, per cent or grade? A study of 64 stage A1 radical prostatectomies with comparison to prostates removed for stages A2 and B disease.
Prostate specific antigen and prostatic acid phosphatase for monitoring therapy of carcinoma of the prostate.
A comparison of the morphological features of cancer arising in the transition zone and in the peripheral zone of the prostate.
Pararectus retroperitoneal radical nephrectomy.
Failed bladder neck reconstruction: options for management.
Clinical outcome of fetal uropathy. I. Predictive value of prenatal echography positive for obstructive uropathy.
Clinical outcome of fetal uropathy. II. Sensitivity of echography for prenatal detection of obstructive pathology.
Celiac axis and superior mesenteric artery injury associated with left radical nephrectomy for locally advanced renal cell carcinoma.
Hydroureteronephrosis secondary to perforated Meckel's diverticulum.
Mast cell infiltration in intestine used for bladder augmentation in interstitial cystitis.
Colovesical fistula secondary to vesical gangrene in a diabetic patient.
A case of granulomatous hepatitis after intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin administration.
The neodymium:YAG laser recanalization in a patient with azoospermia due to ejaculatory duct agenesis.
Simultaneous ipsilateral vasal and epididymal reconstruction.
SCID mice: a suitable model for experimental studies of urologic malignancies.
Proteus mirabilis biofilm protection against struvite crystal dissolution and its implications in struvite urolithiasis.
Treatment of the Dunning prostate rat tumor R3327-AT1 with pulsed high energy ultrasound shock waves (PHEUS): growth delay and histomorphologic changes.
Regional chemotherapy using continuous intravesical infusion doxorubicin for the treatment of muscle invasive transitional cell bladder carcinoma in a rat model.
Relative importance of eight virulence characteristics of pyelonephritogenic Escherichia coli strains assessed by multivariate statistical analysis.
Expression of the insulin like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) gene is increased in human renal carcinomas.
Acquired cystic disease of the kidney analyzed by microdissection.
Effects of interferon beta ser and transforming growth factor beta on prostatic cell lines.
Effect of in utero vesicostomy on pulmonary hypoplasia in the fetal lamb with bladder outlet obstruction and oligohydramnios: a morphometric analysis.
Adjunct controlled inversion therapy following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for lower pole caliceal stones.
Prediction of septicemia following endourological manipulation for stones in the upper urinary tract.
The cold-knife technique for endourological management of stenoses in the upper urinary tract.
Vesicoureteral reflux in patients with double pigtail stents.
Urethral controlled bladder substitution: a comparison between Parks S pouch and hemi-Kock pouch.
The effect of intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin therapy on the upper urinary tract.
Flow cytometric determination of the multidrug resistant phenotype in transitional cell cancer of the bladder: implications and applications.
Repair of severe anterior vaginal wall prolapse (grade IV cystourethrocele).
Spongiosography: a valuable adjunct to the diagnosis of urethral strictures.
Treatment of posterior urethral strictures with a titanium urethral stent.
The role of albumin in human physiology and pathophysiology, Part III: Albumin and disease states.
Differences in vascular reactivity in models of ischemic acute renal failure.
SGP-2 expression as a genetic marker of progressive cellular pathology in experimental hydronephrosis.
Effects of nifedipine and enalapril on glomerular structure and function in uninephrectomized SHR.
Diet, vitamin D and vertebral mineral density in hypercalciuric calcium stone formers.
IgA nephropathy in blacks: studies of IgA2 allotypes and clinical course.
Pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis post-partial ileal bypass surgery: case-control study. The POSCH Group.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition improves glomerular size-selectivity in IgA nephropathy.
WT1 mutations contribute to abnormal genital system development and hereditary Wilms' tumour.
Transcriptional repression mediated by the WT1 Wilms tumor gene product.
Endocrine manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Carcinosarcoma of bladder following long-term cyclophosphamide therapy.
In situ oncocytic change in association with multiple renal cell adenocarcinomas.
Assessment of factors influencing the outcome of radiotherapy for bladder cancer.
Serum follicle stimulating hormone--predictor of cancer in the remaining testis in patients with unilateral testicular cancer.
A phase IA trial of sequential administration recombinant DNA-produced interferons: combination recombinant interferon gamma and recombinant interferon alfa in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Long-term fertility and Leydig cell function in patients treated for germ cell cancer with cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin versus surveillance.
Simple examination techniques to aid in the diagnosis of urethral diverticulum.
Renal cancer and cigarette smoking in a 26-year followup of U.S. veterans.
Statistical considerations in cancer screening programs.
Carcinoma of the prostate: value of transrectal sonography in detecting extension into the neurovascular bundle.
Cysts of the prostate and seminal vesicles: MR imaging findings in 11 cases.
Health care policies/economics of the geriatric renal population.
Control of morbidity due to Schistosoma haematobium on Pemba Island: egg excretion and hematuria as indicators of infection.
Comprehensive management of renal failure in infants.
Reduced bladder capacity in patients receiving intravesical chemoprophylaxis with mitomycin C.
Plasma conjugated androgens in a dialysis-dependent male as immunoreactive digitalis-like factors.
Report of a hidden case of overfeeding.
Transthoracic high frequency (7.5 MHz) echocardiographic assessment of coronary vascular reserve and its relation to left ventricular mass.
Trimetrexate in prostatic cancer: preliminary observations on the use of prostate-specific antigen and acid phosphatase as a marker in measurable hormone-refractory disease.
Preliminary results in invasive bladder cancer with transurethral resection, neoadjuvant chemotherapy and combined pelvic irradiation plus cisplatin chemotherapy.
Prostate specific antigen after irradiation for prostatic carcinoma.
Radio-immunoassay detection of interferon-gamma in urine after intravesical Evans BCG therapy
Influence of chondroitin sulfate, heparin sulfate, and citrate on Proteus mirabilis-induced struvite crystallization in vitro.
Prognostic significance of prostate specific antigen in endocrine treatment for prostatic cancer.
Sudden death due to disease flare with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist therapy for carcinoma of the prostate.
Atrial natriuretic factor in the acute nephritic and nephrotic syndromes.
Chronic acetazolamide monotherapy in the treatment of juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
Carcinoma of the prostate. Treating disease that has metastasized.
Economies of scale, physician volume for urology patients, and DRG prospective hospital payment system.
Effects of danazol, gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist, and a combination of danazol and gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist on experimental endometriosis.
The luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone pulse generator in men: abnormalities and clinical management.
Recurrence and treatment of urinary bladder cancer after failure in radiotherapy.
Receptors for luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) in Dunning R3327 prostate cancers and rat anterior pituitaries after treatment with a sustained delivery system of LHRH antagonist SB-75.
Effect of long-term epoetin beta therapy on the quality of life of hemodialysis patients.
Longitudinal survey of apolipoproteins and atherogenic risk in hemodialysis and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients.
Correlates of decade-long technique survival on home hemodialysis.
Vasoactive hormones during hemodialysis with intermittent ultrafiltration.
Relationship between phagocyte metabolic function and years of maintenance dialysis.
Comparison of low molecular weight heparin and standard heparin in hemodialysis.
Kidney stones and lithotripters: critical analysis of the introduction of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy into Canada
Monocytes and polymorphonuclear neutrophils of patients with streptococcal pharyngitis express increased numbers of type I IgG Fc receptors.
Regulation of renal function in thermal injury.
Endoscopic injection of glutaraldehyde cross-linked bovine dermal collagen for correction of vesicoureteral reflux.
Cultured human bladder tumors for pharmacodynamic studies.
Endoluminal sonography of the urinary tract: preliminary observations.
Plasma level of atrial natriuretic peptide as an indicator of increased cardiac load in uremic patients.
Beneficial effect of the atrial natriuretic factor analog A68828 in postischemic acute renal failure.
Renal sonography in asymptomatic persons with spinal cord injury: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Quinine-induced immune thrombocytopenia associated with hemolytic uremic syndrome: a new clinical entity.
Prolactin and pituitary gonadotropin values and responses to acute luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) challenge in patients having long-term treatment with a depot LHRH analogue.
Inhibition by a new bisphosphonate (AHBuBP) of bone resorption induced by the MBT-2 tumor of mice.
Testis cancer. Ichthyosis constitutes a significant risk factor.
Scales modified for dose determination in population-based chemotherapy.
Response to orchiectomy following Zoladex therapy for metastatic prostate carcinoma.
Zoladex versus orchiectomy in treatment of advanced prostate cancer: a randomized trial. Zoladex Prostate Study Group.
Pathogenesis of pulmonary edema during interleukin-2 therapy: correlation of chest radiographic and clinical findings in 54 patients.
Different pathohistological presentations of acute renal involvement in Hantaan virus infection: report of two cases.
Elevated plasma atrial natriuretic peptide level in the early phase of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Independent prognostic factors in patients with metastatic (stage D2) prostate cancer. The Zoladex Study Group
Human IgE, IgG4 and resistance to reinfection with Schistosoma haematobium.
Female urethra: MR imaging.
Effect of natriuretic agents, vasoactive agents and of the inhibition of metabolism on sodium handling in the isolated perfused kidney of the nephrotic rat.
Effect of dietary protein restriction on renal purines and purine-metabolizing enzymes in adriamycin nephrosis in rats: a mechanism for protection against acute proteinuria involving xanthine oxidase inhibition.
A phase I study of high-dose ifosfamide and escalating doses of carboplatin with autologous bone marrow support.
Prostate specific antigen values after radical retropubic prostatectomy for adenocarcinoma of the prostate: impact of adjuvant treatment (hormonal and radiation).
The effect of suramin, tumor necrosis factor and interferon gamma on human prostate carcinoma.
The question of FK 506 nephrotoxicity after liver transplantation.
Evidence for altered receptor-binding activity of serum follicle-stimulating hormone in male infertility.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (leuprolide acetate) induced ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome in a woman undergoing intermittent hemodialysis.
Human atrial natriuretic factor and renin-aldosterone in paracetamol induced fulminant hepatic failure.
Stimulatory effects of alpha-hANP on testosterone secretion in man.
Contrasting effects of various potassium salts on renal citrate excretion.
Assessment and quality control of incontinence care in long-term nursing facilities.
Mortality and duration of hemodialysis treatment
High-dose intravenous IgG treatment and renal function
Cyclic AMP mediates the direct antiproliferative action of mismatched double-stranded RNA.
Physiologic basis of endocrine therapy for prostatic cancer.
Total androgen ablation: American experience.
Total androgen ablation: European experience. The EORTC GU Group.
Cost-benefit analysis of pharmacologic erection program (PEP) versus penile prosthesis
Effect of LH-RH analogue in patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Utility of immunofluorescence of urine sediment for identifying patients with renal disease due to monoclonal gammopathies.
Mobile extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy.
Natural history of acquired renal cystic disease in dialysis patients: a prospective longitudinal CT study.
Arteriovenous fistulas complicating biopsy of renal allografts: treatment of bleeding with superselective embolization.
Carcinoma of the prostate: MR images obtained with body coils do not accurately reflect tumor volume.
Evaluation of Clinitek 200 and Rapimat II/T for screening for urinary tract infection.
Adjuvant radiation therapy in patients with detectable prostate specific antigen following radical prostatectomy.
In vitro study of the interaction of doxorubicin, thiotepa, and mitomycin-C, agents used for intravesical chemotherapy of superficial bladder cancer.
Sustained in vitro activity of human albumin microspheres containing chlorhexidine dihydrochloride against bacteria from cultures of organisms that cause urinary tract infections.
Differential effects of atrial natriuretic peptide and dopamine on urinary protein excretion in chronic glomerulonephritis.
The role of superovulation with menotropins in ovulatory infertility: a review
Placebo-controlled trial of high-dose Mesterolone treatment of idiopathic male infertility.
Luteinizing hormone pulse frequency and in vitro bioactivity in male idiopathic infertility.
Induction and prevention of radiocontrast-induced nephropathy in dogs with heart failure.
Reactive oxygen metabolites in endotoxin-induced acute renal failure in rats.
Enhanced insulin sensitivity in extrarenal potassium handling in uremic rats.
Interferon gamma-mediated renal MHC expression in mercuric chloride-induced glomerulonephritis.
Stromal osseous metaplasia in carcinoma of the bladder.
Splenectomy attenuates the inappropriate diuresis associated with tumor necrosis factor administration.
Atrial natriuretic peptide in dialysis patients under various conditions of volume homeostasis.
Nutritional assessment of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients: an international study.
N-terminal pro atrial natriuretic peptide in human plasma.
Role of fine catheter peritoneal cytology and laparoscopy in the management of acute abdominal pain.
Antierythrocyte autoantibody formation after therapy with interleukin-2 and gamma-interferon.
Splenic macrophage function in early syphilitic infection is complex. Stimulation versus down-regulation.
Prostate specific antigen levels after definitive irradiation for carcinoma of the prostate.
The effects of recombinant human interferon-gamma on a panel of human bladder cancer cell lines.
Parenteral antibiotic therapy for patients in nursing homes.
Surgical treatment of concomitant urethral diverticulum and stress incontinence.
Stones and infection in renal caliceal diverticula: treatment with percutaneous procedures.
Acid-base derangements during sorbent regenerative hemodialysis in mechanically ventilated patients.
A chemical score to evaluate the protein quality of commercial parenteral and enteral formulas: emphasis on formulas for patients with liver failure.
Results of long-term rice bran treatment on stone recurrence in hypercalciuric patients.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist improves the efficiency of controlled ovarian hyperstimulation/intrauterine insemination.
Reduction of glomerular hyperfiltration in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients by 6 mo of aldose reductase inhibition.
Long-term observation after intravesical metaphylaxis with mitomycin C in patients with superficial bladder tumors.
Alterations of polymorphonuclear leukocyte glycogen metabolism and glucose uptake in dialysis patients.
The use of albumin in clinical practice.
Diverticula of the female urethra: diagnosis by endovaginal and transperineal sonography.
Autosomal recessive lethal infantile cytochrome C oxidase deficiency.
Assessment of cure in schistosomiasis patients after chemotherapy with praziquantel by quantitation of circulating anodic antigen (CAA) in urine.
High energy neutron treatment for pelvic cancers: study stopped because of increased mortality.
Possible role of pure human follicle-stimulating hormone in the treatment of severe male-factor infertility by assisted reproduction: preliminary report.
Testicular plasmacytoma. A case report with immunohistochemical studies and literature review.
Assessment of tumour-infiltrating lymphocytes, regional lymph node lymphocytes and peripheral blood lymphocytes and their reaction to interferon-gamma in patients with renal carcinoma.
Bladder instillations of trisdine compared with catheter introducer for reduction of bacteriuria during intermittent catheterisation of patients with acute spinal cord trauma.
Comparison of LHRH analogue (Zoladex) with orchiectomy in patients with metastatic prostatic carcinoma.
Direct vasoconstriction as a possible cause for amphotericin B-induced nephrotoxicity in rats.
Nephrotoxic potential of Bence Jones proteins
Inhibitor of the thrombin time in systemic amyloidosis: a common coagulation abnormality.
Effect of the ANF analog A68828 in cisplatin-induced acute renal failure.
Nutritional support in liver failure.
Nutritional support in renal failure.
Ureteral pseudodiverticula: frequent association with uroepithelial malignancy.
Implication of a distant septic focus in parenteral nutrition catheter colonization.
Minoxidil versus nitroglycerin: a prospective double-blind controlled trial in transcutaneous erection facilitation for organic impotence.
Cytochemically detectable glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-stimulating/Na-K-ATPase-inhibiting activity of plasma and hypothalamus in reduced renal mass hypertension.
Na+,K(+)-ATPase activity and hormones in single nephron segments from nephrotic rats.
Acquired immunity and epidemiology of Schistosoma haematobium.
Atrial regulation of intravascular volume: observations on the tachycardia-polyuria syndrome.
Expression of D-mannose binding sites on human spermatozoa: comparison of fertile donors and infertile patients.
Relationship of follicle number, serum estradiol, and other factors to birth rate and multiparity in human menopausal gonadotropin-induced intrauterine insemination cycles.
Changes in lipid environment decrease Na, K-ATPase activity in obstructive nephropathy.
Serum sulfate concentration and the anion gap in hemodialysis patients.
Pathologic changes associated with androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer.
Immunohistochemical detection of renal carbonic anhydrase of patients with recurrent urolithiasis.
Vasoactive hormones in uremic patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Adult paratesticular sarcomas: a review of 21 cases.
Different mechanisms of polyuria and natriuresis associated with paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
von Willebrand factor and development of diabetic nephropathy in IDDM.
The effects of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy on renal growth, function and arterial blood pressure in an animal model.
Massive cystic ureteral diverticula in infancy.
The effect of oxyphenonium bromide and oxybutynin hydrochloride on detrusor contractility and reflux in children with vesicoureteral reflux and detrusor instability.
Effector mechanisms in organ-specific autoimmunity. I. Characterization of a CD8+ T cell line that mediates murine interstitial nephritis.
X-linked recessive nephrolithiasis with renal failure.
Renal colic. Utility of the plain abdominal roentgenogram.
Treatment of recurrent urethral strictures using clean intermittent self-catheterisation.
Localized irradiation of testes with carcinoma in situ: effects on Leydig cell function and eradication of malignant germ cells in 20 patients.
The roles of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy and percutaneous nephrostolithotomy in the management of pyelocaliceal diverticula.
A randomized comparative study of the prophylactic use of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole versus netilmycin-metronidazole in transrectal prostatic biopsy.
Complications following external beam radiation therapy for prostate cancer: an analysis of patients treated with and without staging pelvic lymphadenectomy.
Tumor induction in a rat model for ureterosigmoidostomy without evidence of nitrosamine formation.
Fibrinolytic parameters in spermatozoas and seminal plasma.
Rhabdomyolysis in children: a 3-year retrospective study.
Effects of intravenous nutrition on lipoprotein metabolism, body composition, weight gain and uremic state in experimental uremia in rats.
Disturbance in sodium regulating hormones in chronic obstructive uropathy.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and temporal lobe epilepsy.
Mannitol-induced diuretic renal ultrasonography: a new technique.
Bacteriologically stressed animal model of new closed catheter drainage system with microbicidal outlet tube.
Ornipressin in the treatment of functional renal failure in decompensated liver cirrhosis. Effects on renal hemodynamics and atrial natriuretic factor.
Treatment of murine transitional cell carcinoma with intralesional interleukin 2 and murine interferon gamma.
Functional and structural alterations of the glomerular permeability barrier in experimental galactosemia.
Urinary procoagulant and fibrinolytic activity in human glomerulonephritis. Relationship with renal function.
