Factor XIII deficiency and intracranial hemorrhages in infancy.
Effects of recombinant human interleukin-3 in aplastic anemia.
Impact of marrow cytogenetics and morphology on in vitro hematopoiesis in the myelodysplastic syndromes: comparison between recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF) and granulocyte-monocyte CSF.
A specific in vitro bioassay for measuring erythropoietin levels in human serum and plasma.
Transfusion and alloimmunization in sickle cell disease. The Cooperative Study of Sickle Cell Disease.
Effects of recombinant human interleukin-3 on human hematopoietic progenitor and precursor cells in vivo.
Recombinant lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor inhibits tissue thromboplastin-induced intravascular coagulation in the rabbit.
Effect of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor administration on the lymphocyte subsets of patients with refractory aplastic anemia.
Surgical aspects of malaria.
Sarcoidosis of the eyelid skin.
Primary leptomeningeal B-cell lymphoma in a 8-year-old child.
Immunologic abnormalities of juvenile arthritis.
Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome. A case report.
Cyclosporine and chronic sarcoidosis.
Effect of cyclosporin on generalized Shwartzman reaction in diabetic rats.
Evolution of fundic argyrophil cell hyperplasia in nonantral atrophic gastritis.
Essential fatty acid deficiency ameliorates acute renal dysfunction in the rat after the administration of the aminonucleoside of puromycin.
Tartrate resistant acid phosphatase positive splenic lymphoma: a relatively benign condition occurring in a time-space cluster?
Effect of sample volume on yield of positive blood cultures from adult patients with haematological malignancy.
Clinical manifestations in anticardiolipin antibody-positive patients with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Hypereosinophilic syndrome with unusual cutaneous manifestations in two men with HIV infection.
Neutrophilic dermatosis with myelodysplastic syndrome: nuclear segmentation anomalies of neutrophils in the skin lesion and in peripheral blood.
Scleroderma and L-tryptophan: a possible explanation of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Hydroxychloroquine is effective therapy for control of cutaneous sarcoidal granulomas.
The relationship of pemphigus to neoplasia.
Increased serum IgE and increased prevalence of eosinophilia in 9-year-old children of smoking parents.
Ultrastructure and three-dimensional organization of the telangiectases of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Isolation and quantitation of human erythrocyte deformability classes.
Immune activation is associated with phenylhydrazine-induced anemia in the rat.
Low plasma iron status and akathisia.
Prolonged administration of oral etoposide in patients with relapsed or refractory small-cell lung cancer: a phase II trial.
Bone marrow transplantation for myelodysplasia and secondary acute nonlymphoblastic leukemia.
Phase I study of repeated cycles of high-dose cyclophosphamide, etoposide, and cisplatin administered without bone marrow transplantation
Spinal cord arteriovenous malformation with an associated lymphatic anomaly. Case report.
Impairment of neutrophil chemotactic and bactericidal function in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 and partial reversal after in vitro exposure to granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Diagnosis of cerebrovascular disease in sickle cell anemia by magnetic resonance angiography
Benefits and risks of anemia correction with recombinant human erythropoietin in children maintained by hemodialysis.
Treatment of Kawasaki syndrome: a comparison of two dosage regimens of intravenously administered immune globulin.
Beneficial effects of long-term treatment with SK&F 105685 in murine lupus nephritis.
Suppressed serum erythropoietin response to anemia and the efficacy of recombinant erythropoietin in the anemia of rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid arthritis in a patient with sickle cell disease.
Systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Extrarenal production of calcitriol.
Long-term versus short-term treatment with recombinant interferon alfa-2a in patients with chronic hepatitis B: a prospective, randomized treatment trial.
Rapid detection and prenatal diagnosis of beta-thalassaemia: studies in Indian and Cypriot populations in the UK.
Antenatal intervention for congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation.
Fetal platelet counts in thrombocytopenic pregnancy
The twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia-eclampsia with the syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count: how rapid is postpartum recovery?
Congenital chyloperitoneum as a cause of isolated fetal ascites.
TRAP sequence--successful outcome with indomethacin treatment.
Ongoing fetomaternal hemorrhage treated by serial fetal intravascular transfusions.
Immune hydrops fetalis attributable to anti-HJK.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
Iron deficiency in the young athlete.
Incomplete synthesis of N-glycans in congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type II caused by a defect in the gene encoding alpha-mannosidase II.
Haemopoietic growth factors.
The cutaneous manifestations in children with familial Mediterranean fever (recurrent hereditary polyserositis). A six-year study.
Acute promyelocytic leukemia: impact of hemorrhagic complications on response to induction chemotherapy and survival.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia in patients who undergo open heart surgery.
The hyperimmunoglobulinaemia E and recurrent infections syndrome in an adult [published erratum appears in Thorax 1990 Dec;45(12):984]
Bronchoalveolar lavage findings in a patient with the organic dust toxic syndrome.
Cerebral venous thrombosis due to heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Prenatal identification of potential donors for umbilical cord blood transplantation for Fanconi anemia.
Detection of drug-dependent, platelet-reactive antibodies by antigen-capture ELISA and flow cytometry.
Incubation of platelet concentrates before transfusion does not improve posttransfusion recovery.
Abnormal membrane physical properties of red cells in McLeod syndrome.
Autoimmune hemolytic anemia in Kawasaki disease: a case report
Tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Primary splenic lymphocyte-depletion Hodgkin's disease.
Thymic hyperplasia. A clue to the diagnosis of hyperthyroidism.
Hepatic giant cavernous hemangioma with microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and consumption coagulopathy.
Treatment of the anemia of chronic renal failure with subcutaneous recombinant human erythropoietin.
The natural history of thrombocytopenia associated with preeclampsia.
Continuing controversy in alloimmune thrombocytopenia: fetal hyperimmunoglobulinemia fails to prevent thrombocytopenia.
Management and outcomes of pregnancies complicated by human B19 parvovirus infection: a prospective study
Spontaneous infarction of placental chorioangioma and associated regression of hydrops fetalis.
Late chronic hemolysis after valve replacement for aortic stenosis. Relation to residual hypertrophy and impaired left ventricular function.
Adverse reactions to heparin [clinical conference]
Sarcoidosis complicated by HIV infection: three case reports and a review of the literature.
Ciliary motility in two patients with yellow nail syndrome and recurrent sinopulmonary infections.
Spontaneous splenic rupture following infectious mononucleosis.
SCH-39304 in prevention and treatment of disseminated candidiasis in persistently granulocytopenic rabbits.
Prognosis of chronic granulomatous disease.
Social integration of the older thalassaemic patient.
Analysis of prognostic factors and clinicopathological staging of thymoma
Coexisting thymic carcinoid tumor and thymoma.
Pregnancy in women with immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. Recognition of a distinct clinicopathologic entity
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan ingestion. Analysis of four patients and implications for differential diagnosis and pathogenesis
HLA-B38, DR4, DQw3 and clozapine-induced agranulocytosis in Jewish patients with schizophrenia.
Heterotopic tissue in lymph nodes. An unrecognized problem.
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in pregnancy: a randomized trial on the effect of antenatal low dose corticosteroids on neonatal platelet count
The hematopoietic defect in aplastic anemia assessed by long-term marrow culture.
Enhanced endogenous leukotriene biosynthesis in patients treated with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Deficiency of glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol-linked membrane glycoproteins of leukocytes in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, description of a new diagnostic cytofluorometric assay.
Impaired iron uptake and transferrin binding by erythroblasts in the anaemia of rheumatoid arthritis.
Erythema infectiosum and pregnancy-related complications
A phase I study of a new cisplatin derivative for hematologic malignancies.
A phase I study of 4'-0-tetrahydropyranyladriamycin. Clinical pharmacology and pharmacokinetics.
Successful treatment of metastatic thymic carcinoma with cisplatin, vinblastine, bleomycin, and etoposide chemotherapy.
Sarcoid reaction mimicking intrathoracic dissemination of testicular cancer.
Effect of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on neutropenia due to chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Anaesthesia for renal transplantation in sickle cell disease.
Splenic septic emboli in endocarditis.
Fluosol DA-20 in the treatment of severe anemia: randomized, controlled study of 46 patients.
Exercise performance of polycythemic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients. Effect of phlebotomies.
Serum concentration of soluble interleukin-2 receptor as a sensitive parameter of disease activity in sarcoidosis.
Cardiopulmonary assessment in beta-thalassemia major.
Cardiac abnormalities in children with sickle cell anemia.
Pulse oximetry. Uses and abuses.
Anti-Kveim monoclonal antibody. New monoclonal antibody reacting to epithelioid cells in sarcoid granulomas.
Occult fatal pulmonary embolism with disseminated intravascular coagulation. An unusual case masquerading as miliary tuberculosis.
The malignancy-sarcoidosis syndrome.
A case of massive true thymic hyperplasia with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Hepatic vascular disease and portal hypertension in polycythemia vera and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia: a clinicopathological study of 145 patients examined at autopsy.
On the need for erythropoietin treatment in dialysis patients. A Copenhagen City Dialysis Unit study
Magnetic resonance imaging of the bone marrow following treatment with recombinant human erythropoietin in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Aggressive blood conservation in coronary artery surgery: impact on patient care.
Cells immunoreactive for neuropeptide in human thymomas.
Hypergammaglobulinemic purpura of Waldenstrom.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis: fungal folliculitis?
Traumatic asphyxia.
Mandibular osteomyelitis in a patient with sickle cell anemia: report of case.
Elevated serum interleukin-6 associated with a failure in B cell differentiation in common variable immunodeficiency.
Down regulation in hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Small bile duct abnormalities in sarcoidosis.
Early hospital discharge of children with cancer treated for fever and neutropenia: identification and management of the low-risk patient.
Mechlorethamine, vincristine, and procarbazine chemotherapy for recurrent high-grade glioma in adults: a phase II study.
Pediatric blunt liver injury and coagulopathy managed with packs and a silo: case report.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of eosinophilic cystitis.
Nephron function in the early phase of ischemic renal failure. Significance of erythrocyte trapping.
Improvement of brain function in hemodialysis patients treated with erythropoietin.
Renal cell carcinoma associated with sarcoidlike tissue reaction.
Coagulation factor abnormalities as possible thrombotic risk factors after Fontan operations.
Value of antigen detection in predicting invasive pulmonary aspergillosis
Comparison of oral iron chelator L1 and desferrioxamine in iron-loaded patients.
A chronic granulomatous syndrome of unknown origin.
Coccidioidomycosis during human immunodeficiency virus infection. A review of 77 patients.
Molecular defect of the band 3 protein in southeast Asian ovalocytosis
The agent of bacillary angiomatosis. An approach to the identification of uncultured pathogens
Spinal cord thromboplastin-induced coagulopathy in a rabbit model.
Antibodies to synthetic peptide (125-148) of the alpha-subunit of human nicotinic acetylcholine receptor in sera from patients with myasthenia gravis.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (L-tryptophan-associated neuromyopathy).
Doppler umbilical artery studies in the twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
The myelodysplastic syndromes. Case report and review.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Immunoglobulin G subclasses in serum and circulating immune complexes in patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Antigenic recognition by intravenous gamma-globulin of selected bacteria isolated from throats of patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Peripheral vascular disorders. Assessment and intervention.
When a patient with a bleeding disorder needs dental work. How you can work with the dentist to prevent a crisis
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome linked to tryptophan.
Hypomutability in Fanconi anemia cells is associated with increased deletion frequency at the HPRT locus.
Hypodense eosinophils and interleukin 5 activity in the blood of patients with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
In vitro colony culture and chromosomal studies in hepatic and portal vein thrombosis--possible evidence of an occult myeloproliferative state.
Management of the hematologic complications of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Cytomegalovirus infections in bone marrow transplant recipients given intensive cytoreductive therapy.
Synchronous Hodgkin's disease and myelofibrosis terminating with granulocytic sarcoma and acute megakaryocytic leukemia.
Cytophagic histiocytic panniculitis evolving into total lipodystrophy.
Isolated erythroid hypoplasia and renal insufficiency induced by long-term griseofulvin therapy.
The role of gastric resection in the management of multicentric argyrophil gastric carcinoids.
High ethanol consumption as risk factor for intracerebral hemorrhage in young and middle-aged people.
Viral infections in transfusion-dependent patients with beta-thalassemia major: the predominant role of cytomegalovirus.
Evaluation of the manual hexadimethrine bromide (Polybrene) technique in the investigation of autoimmune hemolytic anemia.
Life-threatening, antiglobulin test-negative, acute autoimmune hemolytic anemia due to a non-complement-activating IgG1 kappa cold antibody with Pra specificity.
Impaired thermoregulation and thyroid function in iron-deficiency anemia.
Histiocytosis X. S-100 protein, peanut agglutinin, and transmission electron microscopy study.
Total and differential leukocyte counts in clinically well children. Information or misinformation?
Lead poisoning and thalassemia trait or iron deficiency. The value of the red blood cell distribution width.
Extramedullary hematopoiesis involving the esophagus in myelofibrosis.
Diffuse hemangiomatosis of the spleen: splenic hemangiomatosis presenting with giant splenomegaly, anemia, and thrombocytopenia.
Body fluid spaces and blood pressure in hemodialysis patients during amelioration of anemia with erythropoietin.
Bioavailability of iron in hemodialysis patients treated with erythropoietin: evidence for the inhibitory role of aluminum.
The role of aluminum in the functional iron deficiency of patients treated with erythropoietin: case report of clinical characteristics and response to treatment.
Disseminated intravascular coagulation due to intravenous administration of hetastarch.
Prenatal diagnosis of laryngeal atresia.
Twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Cytokine production (IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, and TNF alpha) and endothelial cell activation (ELAM-1 and HLA-DR) in reactive lymphadenitis, Hodgkin's disease, and in non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. An immunocytochemical study.
Hypothermia and acidosis worsen coagulopathy in the patient requiring massive transfusion.
Pulmonary histiocytosis X with mediastinal lymph node involvement.
Myasthenic thymus and thymoma are selectively enriched in acetylcholine receptor-reactive T cells.
Malignant thymoma presenting as intracardiac tumor and superior vena caval obstruction.
Job's syndrome: a rare cause of recurrent lung abscess in childhood.
Empiric treatment of fungal infections in the neutropenic host. Review of the literature and guidelines for use.
Lindane (Kwell)-induced aplastic anemia.
Lovastatin. Warfarin interaction.
Maternal genomic neutrophil FcRIII deficiency leading to neonatal isoimmune neutropenia.
Parvovirus B19-induced perturbation of human megakaryocytopoiesis in vitro.
Analysis of platelet aggregation disorders based on flow cytometric analysis of membrane glycoprotein IIb-IIIa with conformation-specific monoclonal antibodies.
Plasma thrombomodulin in health and diseases.
Molecular and hematologic characterization of Scottish-Irish type (epsilon gamma delta beta)zero thalassemia.
Sickle erythrocytes inhibit human endothelial cell DNA synthesis.
Chronic anaemia, hyperbaric oxygen and tumour radiosensitivity.
Pearson's marrow-pancreas syndrome. A multisystem mitochondrial disorder in infancy.
Human neutrophil cytochrome b light chain (p22-phox). Gene structure, chromosomal location, and mutations in cytochrome-negative autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease.
L-tryptophan implicated in human eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome causes fasciitis and perimyositis in the Lewis rat.
Iron: nutrition monitoring and nutrition status assessment.
A new surgical approach in genital lymphedema.
Acute splenic sequestration crisis in two adults with sickle cell disease: US, CT, and MR imaging findings.
Hepatic infarction in preeclampsia.
Angiocentric lymphoma with histologic features of neoplastic angioendotheliomatosis presenting with predominant respiratory and hematologic manifestations. Report of a case and review of the literature
Multiple myeloma and acute megakaryoblast leukemia in spent phase polycythemia vera.
Newborn screening for sickle cell disease. When is an infant 'lost to follow-up'?
Platelet aggregation is not necessary for occurrence of Raynaud's phenomenon: a clinical history and laboratory results.
Ticlopidine treatment reduces the progression of nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy. The TIMAD Study Group.
Splenic rupture in a human immunodeficiency virus-infected patient with primary splenic lymphoma.
Alterations in pulmonary mechanics after transfusion in anemic preterm infants.
Elevated serum procollagen III aminopeptide levels in sarcoidosis.
Osler-Weber-Rendu disease and pulmonary arteriovenous fistulas. Deterioration and embolotherapy during pregnancy.
Ear involvement in the yellow nail syndrome.
A constitutive antibody in normal human serum directed against rabbit bone marrow cells: lack in parturients, neonates, and hematologic disorders.
Increased incidence of monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance in blacks and its age-related differences with whites on the basis of a study of 397 men and one woman in a hospital setting.
Negative screening for sickle cell diseases with a monoclonal immunoassay on newborn blood eluted from filter paper.
Rheologic properties of mixed hemoglobin gels: deoxyhemoglobins S and A.
Rheologic properties of mixed hemoglobin gels: deoxyhemoglobins S and F.
Eosinophilic meningitis: cause of a chronic pain syndrome.
Obesity and vaginal hysterectomy.
Paraneoplastic pemphigus. An autoimmune mucocutaneous disease associated with neoplasia.
Giant lymph node hyperplasia of the lung (Castleman's disease) associated with recurrent pleural effusion.
Asymptomatic rhabdomyolysis of unknown etiology.
Corporectomy for intractable sickle-associated priapism.
Anterior segment ischemia: a complication of retinal detachment repair in a patient with sickle cell trait.
Kawasaki disease: echocardiographic features in 91 cases presenting in the United Kingdom.
Continuous papaveretum infusion for the control of pain in painful sickling crisis.
Intravenous immunoglobulin in virus associated haemophagocytic syndrome.
Angle-closure glaucoma as initial presentation of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Primary malignant lymphomas of the spleen. A morphologic and immunohistochemical analysis of 17 cases.
Effects of the differentiating agent hexamethylene bisacetamide on normal and myelodysplastic hematopoietic progenitors.
Congenital abnormalities of the lymphatic system: a new clinical classification.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura treated with high-dose intravenous gamma globulin.
Ulcerative lesions and herpes simplex virus type 2 in a patient with Evan's syndrome.
Synchronous diffuse well-differentiated lymphocytic lymphoma and gastric adenocarcinoma presenting as splenomegaly and iron deficiency anemia.
Treatment with 13-cis-retinoic acid in transfusion-dependent patients with myelodysplastic syndrome and decreased toxicity with addition of alpha-tocopherol.
Edgar J Poth lecture. Pathogenesis, diagnosis, and treatment of thrombosis.
Nitrobenzene poisoning and spurious pulse oximetry.
Caesarean section in a patient with haemoglobin SC disease and a phaeochromocytoma.
The effect of corticosteroid or methotrexate therapy on lung lymphocytes and macrophages in sarcoidosis.
Severe anemia is an important negative predictor for survival with disseminated Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [published erratum appears in Am Rev Respir Dis 1991 Feb;143(2):451]
Peripheral neuropathy associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Normal reticulin level in iliac bone marrow.
Extramedullary hematopoiesis in a bronchial carcinoid tumor. An unusual complication of agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on T lymphocyte subsets in hemodialysis patients.
Effectiveness of low dose erythropoietin: a possible advantage of high flux hemodialysis.
Leukocyte overshoot: a new sign of bioincompatibility in fast hemodialysis.
Recombinant human erythropoietin does not increase clotting in vascular accesses.
Surgical presentation of Kawasaki disease (mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome).
Primary peritoneal sarcoidosis.
Colony-stimulating factors.
Treatment of drug-induced agranulocytosis with recombinant GM-CSF
A phase I study of recombinant human interferon-alpha 2a or human lymphoblastoid interferon-alpha n1 and concomitant zidovudine in patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
Diclofenac induced immune thrombocytopenia.
Microscopic Wegener's disease: a particular form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
Priapism associated with the sickle cell hemoglobinopathies: prevalence, natural history and sequelae.
Quinine-induced disseminated intravascular coagulation.
Inferior hilar window.
Mediastinal abnormalities: detection with storage phosphor digital radiography.
Esophageal inflammation and stricture: complication of chronic granulomatous disease of childhood.
Sarcoidosis: abdominal manifestations at CT.
Prognostic indicators of the resolution of nonimmune hydrops fetalis and survival of the fetus.
Plasma immunoreactive leukotriene C4 levels in patients with Kawasaki disease.
Regressing atypical histiocytosis. Aberrant prothymocyte differentiation, T-cell receptor gene rearrangements, and nodal involvement.
Unusual skin tumors in Langerhans' cell histiocytosis.
IgD immune complex vasculitis in a patient with hyperimmunoglobulinemia D and periodic fever.
Benzylacyclouridine reverses azidothymidine-induced marrow suppression without impairment of anti-human immunodeficiency virus activity.
Different effect of benzylacyclouridine on the toxic and therapeutic effects of azidothymidine in mice.
Long-term (5 to 20 years) Evolution of nongrafted aplastic anemias. The Cooperative Group for the Study of Aplastic and Refractory Anemias.
Isolation and characterization of an acquired antithrombin antibody.
Fibrinogen Baltimore I: polymerization defect associated with a gamma 292Gly----Val (GGC----GTC) mutation.
Sra, a private platelet antigen on glycoprotein IIIa associated with neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia.
Down's syndrome and acute leukemia in children: an analysis of phenotype by use of monoclonal antibodies and electron microscopic platelet peroxidase reaction
CD11c (LEU-M5) expression characterizes a B-cell chronic lymphoproliferative disorder with features of both chronic lymphocytic leukemia and hairy cell leukemia.
Human neutrophils release the Leu-8 lymph node homing receptor during cell activation.
Chemoprotective effects of recombinant human IL-1 alpha in cyclophosphamide-treated normal and tumor-bearing mice. Protection from acute toxicity, hematologic effects, development of late mortality, and enhanced therapeutic efficacy.
The effect of alcohol in isolated blunt splenic trauma.
An intracranial mass lesion in systemic xanthogranulomatosis: case report.
Evaluation and management of supraventricular tachycardia in children.
Systemic lupus erythematosus in a boy with chronic granulomatous disease: case report and review of the literature.
Factors influencing outcome of treatment with zidovudine of patients with AIDS in Australia. The Australian Zidovudine Study Group.
Enhancement of erythrocytic adenosine deaminase following treatment of AIDS-related complex/AIDS patients with zidovudine.
Molecular basis of spectrin and ankyrin deficiencies in severe hereditary spherocytosis: evidence implicating a primary defect of ankyrin.
Variation in hemoglobin F production among normal and sickle cell adults is not related to nucleotide substitutions in the gamma promoter regions.
Allogeneic marrow transplantation in patients positive for hepatitis B surface antigen.
High risk of severe bleeding in aged patients with chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Platelet vitronectin receptor expression differentiates Iraqi-Jewish from Arab patients with Glanzmann thrombasthenia in Israel.
Chemotherapy for children with aggressive fibromatosis and Langerhans' cell histiocytosis.
Cardiac rhabdomyoma. Rare cause of fetal death.
Helicobacter pylori infection in pernicious anemia: a prospective controlled study.
Neutrophil dysfunction in glycogen storage disease Ib: association with Crohn's-like colitis.
Granulocytic sarcoma of the colon.
A mathematical model of the volume, pH, and ion content regulation in reticulocytes. Application to the pathophysiology of sickle cell dehydration.
Evidence for a direct reticulocyte origin of dense red cells in sickle cell anemia.
A deletion in the gene for glycoprotein IIb associated with Glanzmann's thrombasthenia.
Neutrophil nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase assembly. Translocation of p47-phox and p67-phox requires interaction between p47-phox and cytochrome b558.
Preferential expression of human Fc gamma RIIIPMN (CD16) in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria. Discordant expression of glycosyl phosphatidylinositol-linked proteins.
Use of cytoplasmic 5'nucleotidase for differentiating malignant from benign monoclonal gammopathies.
Erythroid colony growth from peripheral blood and bone marrow in polycythaemia.
The neuromuscular pathology of the Eosinophilia-Myalgia syndrome.
Continuous infusion carboplatin on a 21-day schedule: a phase I and pharmacokinetic study.
A randomized trial of cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin versus vinblastine, cisplatin, and etoposide in the treatment of advanced germ cell tumors of the testis: a Southwest Oncology Group study
Absence of acetylcholine-induced current in epithelial cells from thymus glands and thymomas of myasthenia gravis patients.
Myelopathic neurosarcoidosis: diagnostic value of enhanced MRI.
Dexamethasone as an adjunct in oropharyngeal obstruction in a patient with leukemia.
Short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
A randomized trial of fully intermittent vs. daily followed by intermittent short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
Agranulocytosis from antiarrhythmic agents. What to watch for when a medication is first prescribed.
The butterfly rash and the malar flush. What diseases do these signs reflect?
Cryoglobulinemia induced by a murine IgG3 rheumatoid factor: skin vasculitis and glomerulonephritis arise from distinct pathogenic mechanisms.
Fetal hemoglobin, sickling, and sickle cell disease.
Cat-scratch disease. Acute encephalopathy and other neurologic manifestations.
Pearson syndrome and mitochondrial encephalomyopathy in a patient with a deletion of mtDNA.
Psychogenic purpura (autoerythrocyte sensitization): an unsolved dilemma.
Erythrocyte membrane protein deficiencies in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
Sickle cell trait revisited.
Chloramphenicol toxicity: 25 years of research.
Danazol.
Abnormalities of von Willebrand factor multimers in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Nitrogen metabolism in sickle cell anemia: free amino acids in plasma and urine.
Thymoma: results of 241 operated cases
Poisonings in laboratory personnel and health care professionals.
Cat-scratch disease: an unusual cause of combative behavior.
Interleukin-8 production in red blood cell incompatibility.
Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) induces thrombocytosis in mice: possible implication of IL-6.
Surreptitious ingestion of a long-acting vitamin K antagonist/rodenticide, brodifacoum: clinical and metabolic studies of three cases.
t(3;21)(q26;q22): a recurring chromosomal abnormality in therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myeloid leukemia.
Immunochemical and electrophoretic analyses of phosphorylated native and recombinant neutrophil oxidase component p47-phox.
Molecular basis for alpha-thalassemia associated with the structural mutant hemoglobin Suan-Dok (alpha 2 109leu----arg) [published erratum appears in Blood 1991 Mar 15;77(6):1404].
Reduction of graft failure by a monoclonal antibody (anti-LFA-1 CD11a) after HLA nonidentical bone marrow transplantation in children with immunodeficiencies, osteopetrosis, and Fanconi's anemia: a European Group for Immunodeficiency/European Group for Bone Marrow Transplantation report.
Interleukin-6 mRNA and protein increase in vivo following induction of acute thrombocytopenia in mice.
Molecular defect in coagulation factor XFriuli results from a substitution of serine for proline at position 343.
Hemoglobin Cagliari (beta 60 [E4] Val----Glu): a novel unstable thalassemic hemoglobinopathy.
Is the treatment of metastatic carcinoid tumor with interferon not as successful as suggested?
A pilot study of intermediate-dose methotrexate and cytosine arabinoside, "spread-out" or "up-front," in continuation therapy for childhood non-T, non-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Immunosuppressive acidic protein in malignant diseases. Clinical relevance?
Pregnancy outcome in hematologic malignancies.
Skeletal involvement in children who have chronic granulomatous disease.
Deformities of the hip in adults who have sickle-cell disease and had avascular necrosis in childhood. A natural history of fifty-two patients.
Potential role of IgG avidity for diagnosing toxoplasmosis.
Hypergastrinemia, gastric endocrine cell hyperplasia, and intractable diarrhea.
Trimethoprim-sulphamethoxazole-associated blood dyscrasias. Ten years' experience of the Swedish spontaneous reporting system.
Gall-bladder perforation after long-term dapsone therapy.
A clinico-pathological and follow up study of 10 cases of essential type II cryoglobulinaemic neuropathy.
Recognition of distinctive patterns of gallium-67 distribution in sarcoidosis.
Phosphorus-32-colloidal chromic phosphate: treatment of choice for malignant pericardial effusion.
Treatment of childhood angiomatous diseases with recombinant interferon alfa-2a.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on cerebral and cutaneous blood flow and on blood coagulability.
Development of a new radioimmunoassay for erythropoietin using recombinant erythropoietin.
Lymphoedema/hypercalcaemia syndrome mediated by parathyroid-hormone-related protein.
Cuban programme for prevention of sickle cell disease.
The electrodiagnostic findings in polyneuropathies associated with IgM monoclonal gammopathies.
Evolution of a genetic disease in an ethnic isolate: beta-thalassemia in the Jews of Kurdistan.
Antibiotic-associated hypoprothrombinemia: a review of prospective studies, 1966-1988.
Nosocomial infections due to Xanthomonas maltophilia (Pseudomonas maltophilia) in patients with cancer.
Physiologic observations of pregnant women undergoing prophylactic erythrocytapheresis for sickle cell disease.
Bleeding ectatic vascular lesion involving the sigmoid colon, endoscopically indistinguishable from angiodysplasia, in an 8-yr-old boy.
Clinical evaluation of plasma abnormal prothrombin (des-gamma-carboxy prothrombin) in hepatobiliary malignancies and other diseases.
Eosinophilic ascites due to hyperinfection with Strongyloides stercoralis.
Chylous ascites due to sarcoidosis.
Androgens potentiate the effects of erythropoietin in the treatment of anemia of end-stage renal disease
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: a pathologically documented case report.
Ascites revealing peritoneal and hepatic extramedullary hematopoiesis with peliosis in agnogenic myeloid metaplasia: case report and review of the literature.
Venous Doppler ultrasonography in the fetus with nonimmune hydrops.
Anemia and spontaneous preterm birth.
Quantitative and qualitative platelet abnormalities during pregnancy.
Sweet's syndrome with lung involvement.
Partial splenic embolization. An effective alternative to splenectomy for hypersplenism.
Combined use of fine-needle aspiration cytologic examination and tuberculin skin test in the diagnosis of cervical tuberculous lymphadenitis. A prospective study.
Secondary effects of erythropoietin treatment on metabolism and dialysis efficiency in stable hemodialysis patients.
Erythropoietin response to anemia as a function of age.
Elevated expression of the genes for transforming growth factor-beta 1 and type VI collagen in diffuse fasciitis associated with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Morphology of sickle cells produced in solutions of varying osmolarities.
Fibrinolysis, thrombocytopenia, and coagulation abnormalities complicating high-dose interleukin-2 immunotherapy.
Characterization of "peak E," a novel amino acid associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Middle cerebral artery blood velocity and cerebral blood flow in sickle cell disease.
Cerebral infarction in patients with nephrotic syndrome.
HTLV-I associated myelopathy (HAM) after blood transfusion in a patient with CD2+ hairy cell leukemia.
Platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma and whole blood in 120 patients with myeloproliferative disorders.
Bone marrow necrosis in leukemic-phase follicular lymphoma.
Diagnosis, classification, and course of myelodysplastic syndromes.
Chromosomal abnormalities in myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia.
The role of ras gene mutations in myeloproliferative disorders.
Systems used to study the nature of the leukemic cell and predict treatment outcome in patients with myeloproliferative disorders.
Myeloproliferative disorders. Classification and diagnostic features with special emphasis on chronic myelogenous leukemia and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
Polycythemia vera and other polycythemic states.
Platelet abnormalities in myeloproliferative disorders.
Prevalence of Helicobacter pylori in specific forms of gastritis. Further evidence supporting a pathogenic role for H. pylori in chronic nonspecific gastritis.
Cutaneous manifestations of the L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: a spectrum of sclerodermatous skin disease.
The evolution of lymphadenopathy and hypergammaglobulinemia are evidence for early and sustained polyclonal B lymphocyte activation during human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Sarcoidosis of the cauda equina: a report of three cases.
Pentostatin induces durable remissions in hairy cell leukemia.
A comparison of induction and maintenance therapy for acute nonlymphocytic leukemia in childhood: results of a Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Hepatopathy-thrombocytopenia syndrome--a complication of dactinomycin therapy for Wilms' tumor: a report from the United Kingdom Childrens Cancer Study Group.
A prospective randomized trial comparing epirubicin monochemotherapy to two fluorouracil, cyclophosphamide, and epirubicin regimens differing in epirubicin dose in advanced breast cancer patients. The French Epirubicin Study Group
Microvascular right-to-left pulmonary shunt demonstrated by a radionuclide method.
Mixed connective tissue disease with arterial thrombosis, antiphospholipid antibodies and heparin induced thrombocytopenia.
L-tryptophan induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan use.
Microangiopathy in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
An eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with an L-tryptophan containing product.
Eosinophilic myositis an expression of L-tryptophan toxicity?
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome in association with L-tryptophan ingestion.
L-tryptophan associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Hemoglobin Columbia Missouri or alpha 2[88 (F9) Ala----Val]beta 2: a new high-oxygen-affinity hemoglobin that causes erythrocytosis.
Transfusion requirements and effects in patients with thalassaemia major. Cooleycare Programme.
Predictors of morbidity and mortality in neonates with herpes simplex virus infections. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Collaborative Antiviral Study Group.
Simple technique for long term central venous access in the patient with thrombocytopenic carcinoma.
Essential fatty acid sufficiency does not preclude fat-soluble-vitamin deficiency in short-bowel syndrome.
Percutaneous balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty in sickle cell anemia: a case report.
Long-term therapy with deflazacort in chronic sarcoidosis.
Soluble interleukin-2 receptor in sera of patients with pulmonary tuberculosis
Pulmonary involvement in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Progressive hemolytic anemia due to delayed recognition of a Beall mitral valve prosthesis.
A multicentre follow-up study of 1152 patients with myasthenia gravis in Italy.
Outbreak of Bacillus Calmette-Guerin-associated lymphadenitis and abscesses in Jamaican children.
A three-point approach to anemia.
Adenotonsillectomy in children with sickle cell disease.
Contemporary use of the disease concept: III. A pedantic failure to change behavior regarding the problem of anemia.
High mortality among patients with the leukemoid reaction and alcoholic hepatitis.
Embolism of cerebral tissue: a cause of coagulopathy and cerebral infarction? Report of a case.
X-linked sideroblastic anemia and ataxia: linkage to phosphoglycerate kinase at Xq13.
Protection against malaria morbidity: near-fixation of the alpha-thalassemia gene in a Nepalese population.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: a case report.
Ventilation and gas exchange during exercise in sickle cell anemia.
Cardiac output and oxygen delivery during exercise in sickle cell anemia.
Increased levels of oxidized methionine residues in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid proteins from patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Aggressive cavitary pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis versus invasive pulmonary aspergillosis: two cases with unusual pathologic findings and review of the literature.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated eosinophilic folliculitis. A unique dermatosis associated with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Eosinophilic fasciitis associated with tryptophan ingestion. A manifestation of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Video viewing as an alternative to sedation for young subjects who have cardiac ultrasound examinations.
Prenatal detection of foramen ovale obstruction without hydrops fetalis.
Abnormal megakaryocytopoiesis in the Belgrade laboratory rat.
Fine-needle aspiration evaluation of lymphoproliferative lesions in human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients. A multiparameter approach.
Thymic carcinoma. A clinicopathologic study of 60 cases.
Idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome terminating as disseminated T-cell lymphoma.
Multimodality cisplatin treatment in nonresectable alpha-fetoprotein-positive hepatoma.
Treatment of advanced neuroblastoma with I-131 meta-iodobenzylguanidine.
The Lewis X antigen. A new paraffin section marker for Reed-Sternberg cells.
Clinical significance of hematologic parameters in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at diagnosis.
Nephrotoxicity of allopurinol is enhanced in experimental hypertension.
Polycythemia vera blood burst-forming units-erythroid are hypersensitive to interleukin-3.
Enhanced activity of the free radical producing enzyme xanthine oxidase in hypoxic rat liver. Regulation and pathophysiologic significance.
Chronic neutropenia. A new canine model induced by human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Ureaplasma urealyticum chronic osteomyelitis in a patient with hypogammaglobulinemia.
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia.
Acetazolamide-associated aplastic anaemia.
Long-term follow-up after heterotopic splenic autotransplantation for traumatic splenic rupture
Isolated muscular sarcoidosis causing fever of unknown origin: the value of gallium-67 imaging.
Surgical resection of a solitary liver metastasis in a 46-year-old patient with a malignant thymoma.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with ingestion of L-tryptophan: muscle biopsy findings in 4 patients.
Chylothorax secondary to obstruction of the superior vena cava: a complication of the LeVeen shunt.
Hemolytic anemia associated with the use of omeprazole.
Kawasaki-like syndrome after treatment with mesalazine.
Enalapril-associated anemia in renal transplant recipients treated for hypertension.
Mechanisms of hemolysis and anemia associated with acute antepartum pyelonephritis.
Vascular and nonvascular expression of INCAM-110. A target for mononuclear leukocyte adhesion in normal and inflamed human tissues.
Coronary artery aneurysm without stenosis in association with Osler-Weber-Rendu disease--a case report.
The acute lupus hemophagocytic syndrome [published erratum appears in Ann Intern Med 1991 Jun 1;114(11):993]
Recombinant human erythropoietin and renal anemia: molecular biology, clinical efficacy, and nervous system effects
Adult overwhelming meningococcal purpura. A study of 35 cases, 1977-1989.
Cold-induced granulocyte agglutination. A cause of pseudoleukopenia.
Large-cell anaplastic (Ki-1-positive) lymphoma complicated by disseminated intravascular coagulation.
Cyclosporine therapy for advanced Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
Transmembrane mobility of phospholipids in sickle erythrocytes: effect of deoxygenation on diffusion and asymmetry.
Interaction of two different disorders in the beta-globin gene cluster associated with an increased hemoglobin F production: a novel deletion type of G gamma + (A gamma delta beta)zero-thalassemia and a delta zero-hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin determinant.
Circulating erythropoietin levels after bone marrow transplantation: inappropriate response to anemia in allogeneic transplants.
Iron deficiency anemia in the elderly: the diagnostic process.
Blood eosinophil number and activity in relation to lung function in patients with asthma and with eosinophilia.
Contracturing granulomatous myositis: a separate entity.
Clinical and biologic effects of granulocyte colony stimulating factor in the treatment of myelokathexis.
Interferon for vulvar vestibulitis.
Essential thrombocythemia in young adults.
Immunohistochemical study of erythropoietin in cerebellar hemangioblastomas associated with secondary polycythemia.
Application of INSTAT hemostat in the control of gingival hemorrhage in the patient with thrombocytopenia. A case report.
Gingival swelling as a manifestation of aplastic anemia.
Heparin as the cause of coagulopathy which may complicate grafting of the liver.
Chronic neutropenia during childhood. A 13-year experience in a single institution.
The clinical spectrum of thrombocytosis and thrombocythemia.
Application of a modified bioassay for monitoring serum teicoplanin and vancomycin in febrile neutropenic patients.
Methaemoglobinaemia after ingestion of amyl nitrite.
High hemoglobin A2 beta 0-thalassemia due to a 532-basepair deletion of the 5' beta-globin gene region.
Treatment of aplastic anemia in children with recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (CD54) on hematopoietic progenitors.
Prenatal diagnosis of hemoglobinopathies.
Acid phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.2) activity in alveolar macrophages from patients with active sarcoidosis.
Lung mechanics and gas exchange during exercise in pulmonary sarcoidosis.
IL-1 and IL-1 inhibitory activity in the culture supernatants of alveolar macrophages from patients with interstitial lung diseases.
Hypercapnic respiratory failure due to L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilic polymyositis.
Prolonged CD4+ lymphocytopenia and thrombocytopenia in a chimpanzee persistently infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Recombinant murine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augments neutrophil recovery and enhances resistance to infections in myelosuppressed mice.
Hypogammaglobulinemia associated with cytomegalovirus pneumonia.
Serum erythropoietin levels in the anaemia of chronic disorders.
Prophylactic effect of self-administered pump-driven subcutaneous IgG infusion in patients with antibody deficiency: a triple-blind cross-over study comparing P-IgG levels of 3 g l-1 versus 6 g l-1.
Lack of increased bleeding after paracentesis and thoracentesis in patients with mild coagulation abnormalities.
A fatal case of ceftriaxone (Rocephin)-induced hemolytic anemia associated with intravascular immune hemolysis.
Bone marrow findings after treatment with recombinant human interleukin-3.
Flow cytometric analysis of terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase.
Ceftazidime-induced hemolysis in a patient with drug-dependent antibodies reactive by immune complex and drug adsorption mechanisms.
Hemodynamic effects of partial correction of chronic anemia by recombinant human erythropoietin in patients on dialysis.
Results of bronchoscopically obtained lower airway cultures from adult sickle cell disease patients with the acute chest syndrome.
Idiopathic neutropenia: antineutrophil antibodies and clinical correlations.
Efficacy of fludarabine, a new adenine nucleoside analogue, in patients with prolymphocytic leukemia and the prolymphocytoid variant of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A comparison of the performance of 20 pulse oximeters under conditions of poor perfusion
Acquired methemoglobinemia. The relationship of cause to course of illness [published erratum appears in Am J Dis Child 1991 Feb;145(2):158]
Serum non-organ specific autoantibodies in human immunodeficiency virus 1 infection.
Gastric lymphoma causing granulocytopenia and cold intolerance, with recovery after treatment.
Neuropathy caused by spontaneous intraneural hemorrhage: case report.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the lung.
Prenatal screening for hemoglobinopathies. I. A prospective regional trial.
Prenatal screening for hemoglobinopathies. II. Evaluation of counseling
Prenatal screening for hemoglobinopathies. III. Applicability of the health belief model.
Mapping of the locus for X-linked cardioskeletal myopathy with neutropenia and abnormal mitochondria (Barth syndrome) to Xq28.
Hemolysis due to branch pulmonary stenosis after the arterial switch procedure.
Anemia after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Coagulation studies in the syndrome of haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets.
Giant cell versus lymphocytic myocarditis. A comparison of their clinical features and long-term outcomes
Decreased content and surface expression of alpha-granule membrane protein GMP-140 in one of two types of platelet alpha delta storage pool deficiency.
Evidence that tumor necrosis factor plays a pathogenetic role in the paraneoplastic syndromes of cachexia, hypercalcemia, and leukocytosis in a human tumor in nude mice.
Infantile acute hemorrhagic edema of the skin: study of ten cases.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis in monozygotic twins.
Cutaneous manifestations in patients with essential thrombocythemia.
Pyoderma gangrenosum followed by subcorneal pustular dermatosis in a patient with IgA paraproteinemia.
Rhodococcus infection of the skin with lymphadenitis in a nonimmunocompromised girl.
Thrombotic vasculopathy associated with cryofibrinogenemia.
A syndrome characterized by nodular eosinophilic infiltration of the skin and immunoglobulin isotype imbalance.
Trichothiodystrophy with chronic neutropenia and mild mental retardation.
Group A streptococcal cellulitis-adenitis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Phase II trial of piritrexim in metastatic melanoma using intermittent, low-dose administration.
Occurrence of hypercalcemia and leukocytosis with cachexia in a human squamous cell carcinoma of the maxilla in athymic nude mice: a novel experimental model of three concomitant paraneoplastic syndromes.
High risk of recurrent stroke after discontinuance of five to twelve years of transfusion therapy in patients with sickle cell disease.
Decreased protein binding of salicylates in Kawasaki disease.
Successful treatment of cat-scratch disease with ciprofloxacin.
Use of immunoglobulin gene rearrangements to show clonal lymphoproliferation in hyper-reactive malarial splenomegaly
Cerebral falciparum malaria mimicking thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Collateral circulation in Kawasaki disease with coronary occlusion or severe stenosis.
Aplastic anemia associated with antithyroid drugs.
A retrospective cohort study of the risk of tuberculosis among women of childbearing age with HIV infection in Zaire.
Congenital parvovirus infection.
Leukopenia, neutropenia, and reduced hemoglobin levels in healthy American blacks.
Effect of marked peripheral leukocytosis on the leukocyte count in ascites.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. A clinical case series of 21 patients. New Mexico Eosinophilia-Myalgia Syndrome Study Group.
Myogenous phenotype of epithelial-like areas in endometrial stromal sarcomas.
Monoclonal nature of transient abnormal myelopoiesis in Down's syndrome.
Blood mononuclear cells from patients with severe congenital neutropenia are capable of producing granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Protection from arabinofuranosylcytosine and n-mustard-induced myelotoxicity using hemoregulatory peptide pGlu-Glu-Asp-Cys-Lys monomer and dimer.
Vanillin, a potential agent for the treatment of sickle cell anemia.
Molecular characterization of beta-thalassemia intermedia in patients of Italian descent and identification of three novel beta-thalassemia mutations.
Molecular defect of a phosphoglycerate kinase variant (PGK-Matsue) associated with hemolytic anemia: Leu----Pro substitution caused by T/A----C/G transition in exon 3.
Rate of deoxygenation and rheologic behavior of blood in sickle cell anemia.
The Senegal DNA haplotype is associated with the amelioration of anemia in African-American sickle cell anemia patients.
A pilot study of suramin in the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
High-dose cisplatin plus dacarbazine in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
The use of probenecid as a chemoprotector against cisplatin nephrotoxicity.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis of the female genital tract.
The value of preoperative estimation of haemoglobin in children undergoing tonsillectomy.
Renormalization of high cardiac output and of left ventricular size following long-term recombinant human erythropoietin treatment of anemic dialyzed uremic patients.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug-induced colonic strictures: a case report.
Does auxiliary heterotopic liver transplantation reverse hypersplenism and portal hypertension?
Hematologic aspects of mastocytosis: II: management of hematologic disorders in association with systemic mast cell disease.
Mononuclear phagocyte system dysfunction in murine SLE: abnormal clearance kinetics precede clinical disease.
Inhibition of platelet GPIIb/IIIa binding to fibrinogen by serum factors: studies of circulating immune complexes and platelet antibodies in patients with hemophilia, immune thrombocytopenic purpura, human immunodeficiency virus-related immune thrombocytopenic purpura, and systemic lupus erythematosus.
rHuEPO treatment improves brain and cognitive function of anemic dialysis patients.
Chromosome studies in 104 patients with polycythemia vera.
Aggressive therapeutic amniocentesis for treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Periductal lymphocytic infiltration of salivary glands in Sjogren's syndrome with relation to clinical and immunologic findings.
Absence of interferon in sera of patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Effect of delayed centrifugation or reading on the detection of ABO incompatibility by the immediate-spin crossmatch.
Heterogeneity of human red cell autoantibodies assessed by isoelectric focusing.
Detection of active intraabdominal arterial hemorrhage: value of dynamic contrast-enhanced CT.
Benefit of ketotifen in patients with eosinophilic gastroenteritis.
Small non-cleaved-cell lymphoma (undifferentiated lymphoma, Burkitt's type) in American adults: results with treatment designed for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Infection in the myelodysplastic syndromes.
Use of recombinant human erythropoietin to enhance autologous blood donation in a patient with multiple red cell allo-antibodies and the anemia of chronic disease.
Spontaneous rupture of the spleen in initial presentation of Hodgkin's disease.
A randomized clinical trial of scatter photocoagulation of proliferative sickle cell retinopathy.
Systemic chemotherapy for urothelial cancer in patients with ureteric obstruction.
Effectiveness of high-dose MCNU therapy and hematopoietic stem cell autografts treatment of childhood acute leukemia/lymphoma with high-risk features.
A prospective study of magnetic resonance imaging in lymphoma staging.
Clostridial bacteremia in cancer patients. A 12-year experience.
Concordant Graves' disease after bone marrow transplantation: implications for pathogenesis.
Combined ganciclovir and recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in AIDS patients.
Antiplatelet and antithrombotic effects of platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa (GPIIb/IIIa) inhibition by arginine-glycine-aspartic acid-serine (RGDS) and arginine-glycine-aspartic acid (RGD) (O-me)Y (SC-46749).
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura related to ticlopidine
Detection of circulating candida enolase by immunoassay in patients with cancer and invasive candidiasis
Chronic diffuse interstitial lung disease: diagnostic value of chest radiography and high-resolution CT.
The two stage tracheostomy as a safe technique in instances of severe coagulopathy.
Downslope claudication in eosinophilic fasciitis: a fourth type of claudication--case presentations.
Laryngeal involvement in disseminated coccidioidomycosis.
Platelet antibodies in serum of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Changes in the postenteropathic form of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in children.
Echocardiographic findings in hemodialysis patients treated with recombinant human erythropoietin: proposal for a hematocrit most beneficial to hemodynamics.
Risks of agranulocytosis and aplastic anemia in relation to the use of cardiovascular drugs: The International Agranulocytosis and Aplastic Anemia Study.
A case of severe pancytopenia caused by ibuprofen.
Sudden death caused by coronary artery aneurysms: a late complication of Kawasaki disease.
Different forms of chronic childhood thrombocytopenic purpura defined by antiplatelet autoantibodies.
Prolonged survival in patients with beta-thalassemia major treated with deferoxamine.
L-tryptophan use and the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Enhanced expression of CD2 antigen on lung T cells.
Macrophage-T suppressor cell interference in the lungs of steroid-treated sarcoidosis patients.
Rehabilitation of quadriparesis secondary to spinal cord sarcoidosis.
Alloimmune neonatal neutropenia due to an antibody to the neutrophil Fc-gamma receptor III with maternal deficiency of CD16 antigen.
Hepatocellular carcinoma presenting with pyrexia and leukocytosis: report of five cases.
Transcatheter treatment of splenic artery aneurysms (SAA). Report of two cases.
Coronary artery bypass grafting in a patient with cryoglobulinemia.
Occult paravalvular leak in a clinically normal St. Jude's mitral valve presenting with life-threatening microangiopathic hemolytic anemia.
The role of von Willebrand factor and fibrinogen in platelet aggregation under varying shear stress.
Restricted heterogeneity of T lymphocytes in combined immunodeficiency with hypereosinophilia (Omenn's syndrome).
Thrombospondin-induced adhesion of human platelets.
Infection with Chlamydia pneumoniae in Brooklyn.
Severe congenital neutropenia: clinical effects and neutrophil function during treatment with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Increased phagocytic activity of polymorphonuclear leukocytes of chronic granulomatous disease as determined with flow cytometric assay.
Diagnosis of thymoma in myasthenics using anti-striated muscle antibodies: predictive value and gain in diagnostic certainty.
Autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease caused by deletion at a dinucleotide repeat.
Chronic diarrhea in essential mixed cryoglobulinemia: a manifestation of visceral vasculitis?
Inflammatory pseudotumor of intra-abdominal lymph nodes manifesting as recurrent fever of unknown origin: a case report.
Diphenylhydantoin-induced hypogammaglobulinemia in a patient infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Traffic of peripheral B and T lymphocytes to hyperplastic, preneoplastic thymuses of AKR mice.
HLA class II antigens and DNA restriction fragment length polymorphism in myasthenia gravis in Japan.
Continuous muscle fiber activity, peripheral neuropathy, and thymoma.
The role of the chest roentgenogram in febrile neutropenic patients.
Amphotericin B vs high-dose ketoconazole for empirical antifungal therapy among febrile, granulocytopenic cancer patients. A prospective, randomized study.
Angiofollicular lymph node hyperplasia and peripheral neuropathy. Case report and literature review.
Afibrinogenemia and hypobetalipoproteinemia in a kindred.
Crystal-storing histiocytosis and crystalline tissue deposition in multiple myeloma [published erratum appears in Arch Pathol Lab Med 1991 Aug;115(8):806]
Extrathoracic metastatic malignant thymoma. Diagnosis by aspiration cytology.
Neurologic complications of the tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Superoxide anion hyperproduction by neutrophils in a case of myelodysplastic syndrome. Association with Sweet's syndrome and interstitial pneumonia.
Development of gastric dysplasia in pernicious anaemia: a clinical and endoscopic follow up study of 80 patients.
Severe thrombocytopenia after paracetamol overdose.
Histometric studies on cellular infiltrates of tuberculin tests in patients with sarcoidosis.
Schnitzler's syndrome: a broader clinical spectrum.
Fanconi's anaemia and post-cricoid carcinoma.
BIPP induced methaemoglobinaemia.
Rib infarcts and acute chest syndrome in sickle cell diseases.
The resolution of preeclampsia-related thrombocytopenia.
The molecular genetic basis of Glanzmann thrombasthenia in the Iraqi-Jewish and Arab populations in Israel.
Pediatric musculoskeletal MR imaging.
Hepatic iron overload: quantitative MR imaging
Human immunodeficiency virus associated with thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura: successful treatment with zidovudine.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis and pulmonary sarcoidosis. Report of a case.
Dysmegakaryopoiesis resembling acute megakaryoblastic leukemia in treated acute myeloid leukemia.
Vascular proliferation as an unusual cause of hemorrhagic diathesis in myelofibrosis.
Exonic point mutations in NADH-cytochrome B5 reductase genes of homozygotes for hereditary methemoglobinemia, types I and III: putative mechanisms of tissue-dependent enzyme deficiency.
The spectrum of beta-thalassemia mutations in Taiwan: identification of a novel frameshift mutation.
Intrauterine transfusion treatment of nonimmune hydrops fetalis secondary to human parvovirus B19 infection.
In vivo platelet activation in beta-thalassemia major reflected by increased platelet-thromboxane urinary metabolites.
The majority of peripheral blood monoclonal IgM secreting cells are CD5 negative in three patients with mixed cryoglobulinemia.
Increased circulating colony-stimulating factor-1 in patients with preleukemia, leukemia, and lymphoid malignancies.
A retrospective analysis of therapy for acute graft-versus-host disease: secondary treatment.
Life expectancy of patients with chronic nonleukemic myeloproliferative disorders.
Cytokine biology. Implications for transfusion medicine.
The future of cytokine combination therapy.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor mitigates the neutropenia of combined interferon alfa and zidovudine treatment of acquired immune deficiency syndrome-associated Kaposi's sarcoma.
Prevention of gram-positive infections after bone marrow transplantation by systemic vancomycin: a prospective, randomized trial.
Treatment of aplastic anemia with antilymphocyte globulin and methylprednisolone with or without cyclosporine. The German Aplastic Anemia Study Group
Extrapulmonary tuberculosis in an immigrant society: clinical and demographic aspects of 92 cases.
Adverse reactions to prolonged treatment with high doses of carbenicillin and ureidopenicillins.
Patterns of morbidity and mortality in typhoid fever dependent on age and gender: review of 552 hospitalized patients with diarrhea.
Sonography of focal lesions of the spleen.
Prenatal diagnosis of atrioventricular canal malformations with up-to-date echocardiographic technology: report of 14 cases.
Mortality in acute cerebral infarction in young adults--a ten-year experience.
Point mutations in the L-type pyruvate kinase gene of two children with hemolytic anemia caused by pyruvate kinase deficiency.
Intravenous anti-D treatment of immune thrombocytopenic purpura: analysis of efficacy, toxicity, and mechanism of effect.
Increased serum levels of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in patients with severe congenital neutropenia.
A molecular genetic study of factor XI deficiency.
A new congenital abnormal fibrinogen Ise characterized by the replacement of B beta glycine-15 by cysteine.
Thalassemia intermedia: moderate reduction of beta globin gene transcriptional activity by a novel mutation of the proximal CACCC promoter element.
Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis associated with sickle cell disease in two siblings.
Familial pulmonary hypertension in association with an abnormal hemoglobin. Insights into the pathogenesis of primary pulmonary hypertension.
Pulmonary hypertension associated with long-standing thrombocytosis.
Isolated serum-free perfused rat kidneys release immunoreactive erythropoietin in response to hypoxia.
Chinese hamster ovarian cells transfected with the murine interleukin-6 gene cause hypercalcemia as well as cachexia, leukocytosis and thrombocytosis in tumor-bearing nude mice.
Congenital malformation of the lymphatics of the small intestine.
Cardiopulmonary bypass in sickle cell anaemia. Report of five cases.
Vancomycin added to empirical combination antibiotic therapy for fever in granulocytopenic cancer patients. European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) International Antimicrobial Therapy Cooperative Group and the National Cancer Institute of Canada-Clinical Trials Group [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Oct;164(4):832]
The impact of varying degrees of iron nutriture on several functional consequences of iron deficiency in rats.
Clinical and epidemiologic characteristics of patients referred for evaluation of possible Kawasaki disease. United States Multicenter Kawasaki Disease Study Group.
Iron status with different infant feeding regimens: relevance to screening and prevention of iron deficiency.
Clinical follow-up and immunogenetic studies of 32 patients with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Prevalence of the sickle cell trait in an athletic West African population.
Outbreak of Kawasaki syndrome in Denver, Colorado: association with rug and carpet cleaning.
Determining the cause of anemia. General approach, with emphasis on microcytic hypochromic anemias.
Severe thrombocytopenia secondary to alcohol use.
Uncoupling of the spectrin-based skeleton from the lipid bilayer in sickled red cells.
Evaluation of the transfusion effectiveness of various platelet concentrates by means of an in vitro perfusion technique.
Lack of efficacy of tranexamic acid in thrombocytopenic bleeding.
Pancytopenia secondary to short-term, high-dose intravenous infusion of amrinone.
Hemolytic reactions to nitrofurantoin in patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency: theory and practice.
A review of carbamazepine's hematologic reactions and monitoring recommendations.
Human gammaglobulin use in the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia associated with sarcoidosis.
Chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection and virus-associated hemophagocytic syndrome.
Bone marrow and peripheral blood findings in patients with extreme thrombocytosis. A report of 63 cases.
Glycoprotein Ib bioassays. Activity levels in Bernard-Soulier syndrome and in stored blood bank platelets.
Differential diagnosis of adult hemoglobin A, F, and S conditions. A case of G gamma-beta(+)-hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin.
Recognition, management, and prevention of Clostridium septicum abscess in immunosuppressed patients.
Germ cell tumors masquerading as central nervous system sarcoidosis.
Influence of genotype on the natural history of untreated proliferative sickle retinopathy--an angiographic study.
Optic nerve hypoplasia, encephalopathy, and neurodevelopmental handicap.
Recurrent haemospermia--underlying urogenital anomalies and efficacy of imaging procedures.
Serum erythropoietin titers in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and anemia.
Hemorrhagic subcutaneous bursitis.
Acquired Brown's syndrome associated with hypogammaglobulinemia.
D-penicillamine toxicity in Greek patients with rheumatoid arthritis: anti-Ro(SSA) antibodies and cryoglobulinemia are predictive factors.
Mixed cryoglobulinemia associated with chronic Q-fever.
Rapid improvement in a patient with leukocytoclastic vasculitis with secondary mixed cryoglobulinemia treated with cryofiltration.
Eosinophilic fasciitis is clinically distinguishable from the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome and is not associated with L-tryptophan use.
Danazol therapy in autoimmune hemolytic anemia associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Diagnosis and management of Kawasaki disease.
Detection of micrometastatic tumor cells in bone marrow of breast carcinoma patients.
Enhancement of T-cell activation by the CD43 molecule whose expression is defective in Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome.
Extracellular deposition of eosinophil major basic protein in orbital histiocytosis X.
Assembly and deacetylation of N-acetylglucosaminyl-plasmanylinositol in normal and affected paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria cells.
Vesical manifestations of chronic granulomatous disease in children. Its relation to eosinophilic cystitis.
The place of quinolones in bacterial infections.
Hemangiopericytoma of the spleen.
Herpes simplex lymphadenitis.
Coronary thrombosis in a patient with May-Hegglin anomaly.
Glucose, K+, and albumin concentrations in the alveolar milieu of normal humans and pulmonary sarcoidosis patients.
Blood eosinophilia and FEV1. Cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses.
Peak expiratory flow rate and the acute chest syndrome in homozygous sickle cell disease.
Iron supplementation, maternal packed cell volume, and fetal growth.
Autologous blood transfusion with recombinant human erythropoietin in heart operations.
Use of human recombinant erythropoietin to correct severe preoperative anemia.
Long-term safety and efficacy of zidovudine in patients with advanced human immunodeficiency virus disease. Zidovudine Epidemiology Study Group.
Vancomycin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Autosplenectomy complicating pneumococcal meningitis in an adult.
Successful long-term control of idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome with etoposide.
Thrombotic and hemorrhagic complications in essential thrombocythemia. A retrospective study of 103 patients.
Peripheral neuropathy in cold agglutinin disease.
Mononeuropathy in sickle cell anemia: anatomical and pathophysiological basis for its rarity.
Von Hippel-Lindau disease and erythrocytosis: radioimmunoassay of erythropoietin in cyst fluid from a brainstem hemangioblastoma.
Intrahepatic hematoma: a rare complication of exchange transfusion.
Dynamic gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging of the spleen: normal enhancement patterns and evaluation of splenic lesions.
Osteomyelitis in children with sickle cell disease: early diagnosis with contrast-enhanced CT.
Hilar and mediastinal lymphadenopathy in the limited form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
Pancytopenia associated with hypothermia.
POEMS syndrome with idiopathic flushing mimicking carcinoid syndrome.
Ebstein's anomaly associated with splenomegaly and reversible hypersplenism.
The effect of alpha-interferon on bone marrow megakaryocytes and platelet production rate in essential thrombocythemia.
Incidence of aplastic anemia in Bangkok. The Aplastic Anemia Study Group.
Characterization of the binding domains on platelet glycoproteins Ib-IX and IIb/IIIa complexes for the quinine/quinidine-dependent antibodies.
Autoantibodies to the presumptive cytoplasmic domain of platelet glycoprotein IIIa in patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
Correlation of response of aplastic anemia patients to antilymphocyte globulin with in vitro lymphocyte stimulatory effect: predictive value of in vitro test for clinical response.
Influenza A and the virus associated haemophagocytic syndrome: cluster of three cases in children with acute leukaemia.
Dysmegakaryopoiesis in myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS): an immunomorphometric study of bone marrow trephine biopsy specimens.
Persistent polyclonal B lymphocytosis with Epstein-Barr virus antibodies and subsequent malignant pulmonary blastoma.
Aseptic meningitis associated with high dose intravenous immunoglobulin therapy.
Ischaemic myelopathy secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation in AIDS.
Argon beam coagulation is superior to conventional techniques in repair of experimental splenic injury.
Histopathologic features of the L-tryptophan-related eosinophilia-myalgia (fasciitis) syndrome
Management of patients with myelodysplastic syndromes.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy: application to pediatric head and neck masses.
A single intravenous infusion of gamma globulin as compared with four infusions in the treatment of acute Kawasaki syndrome
Bacillus Calmette-Guerin immunization in infants born to HIV-1-seropositive mothers.
Anaesthesia and congenital agranulocytosis: influence of anaesthetic agent on neutrophil numbers in a patient with Kostmann's syndrome.
Influence of the plasma protein concentration on renal function.
Blood antibodies and uncrossmatched type O blood.
Effect of hemoglobin concentration on maximal O2 uptake in canine gastrocnemius muscle in situ.
Embolic abscesses in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Caseating cutaneous granulomas in a patient with X-linked infantile hypogammaglobulinemia.
Left ventricular diastolic filling abnormalities identified by Doppler echocardiography in asymptomatic patients with sickle cell anemia.
Intestinal lymphonodular hyperplasia of childhood: patterns of presentation.
Monthly pulses of vincristine and prednisone prevent bone marrow and testicular relapse in low-risk childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a report of the CCG-161 study by the Childrens Cancer Study Group.
Therapeutic effects and pharmacokinetics of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in childhood cancer patients receiving myelosuppressive chemotherapy.
Phase I-II studies of yttrium-labeled antiferritin treatment for end-stage Hodgkin's disease, including Radiation Therapy Oncology Group 87-01 [published erratum appears in J Clin Oncol 1991 Aug;9(8):1516]
Clinical and virologic effects of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in patients receiving chemotherapy for human immunodeficiency virus-associated non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: results of a randomized trial.
Effective treatment of small-noncleaved-cell lymphoma with high-intensity, brief-duration chemotherapy.
Is eosinophilic ureteritis an entity? 2 case reports and review.
Phenytoin-induced hemocytophagic histiocytosis indistinguishable from malignant histiocytosis.
Suppurative cervical lymphadenitis after Yersinia enterocolitica bacteremia.
G gamma and A gamma globin genes are identical from -471 of the promoter midway through gamma IVSII in a Benin beta s haplotype associated with elevated fetal hemoglobin.
Progress in pathogenesis and management of clinical intraamniotic infection.
Concurrent eosinophilic fasciitis and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Eosinophilic fasciitis as a paraneoplastic syndrome of T-cell malignant neoplasms?
Glucocorticoid receptor mRNA expression in pulmonary alveolar macrophages in sarcoidosis.
Chylothorax after childbirth.
Hypophysectomized rats depend on residual prolactin for survival.
Is adult-onset coeliac disease due to a low-grade lymphoma of intraepithelial T lymphocytes?
Diseases that mimic multiple sclerosis.
Eosinophilic cystitis in children.
Gastric antral vascular ectasia associated with gastric carcinoma.
Mitral valve replacement in idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome.
J. Maxwell Chamberlain Memorial Paper. Role of staging in prognosis and management of thymoma.
Effects of self-monitored exercise on selected blood chemistry parameters of end-stage renal disease patients.
Regressing atypical histiocytosis and lymphomatoid papulosis: variants of the same disorder?
In vitro effects of hematopoietic growth factors on the proliferation, endoreplication, and maturation of human megakaryocytes.
Point mutations in the beta-subunit of cytochrome b558 leading to X-linked chronic granulomatous disease.
Sequence variations in the 5' flanking and IVS-II regions of the G gamma- and A gamma-globin genes of beta S chromosomes with five different haplotypes.
Localization of cells producing erythropoietin in murine liver by in situ hybridization.
Evaluation of mixed chimerism by in vitro amplification of dinucleotide repeat sequences using the polymerase chain reaction.
Penicillin prophylaxis in children with sickle cell disease in Brent
Gall stone disease in African patients with sickle cell anaemia: a preliminary report from Yaounde, Cameroon.
Lipopolysaccharide from Escherichia coli reduces antigen-induced bronchoconstriction in actively sensitized guinea pigs.
Dr(a-) polymorphism of decay accelerating factor. Biochemical, functional, and molecular characterization and production of allele-specific transfectants.
Platelets of the Wistar Furth rat have reduced levels of alpha-granule proteins. An animal model resembling gray platelet syndrome.
The proximal element of the beta globin locus control region is not functionally required in vivo.
Sp alpha V/41: a common spectrin polymorphism at the alpha IV-alpha V domain junction. Relevance to the expression level of hereditary elliptocytosis due to alpha-spectrin variants located in trans.
Recombinant human erythropoietin in the anemia of prematurity: results of a placebo-controlled pilot study.
Leptotrichia buccalis bacteremia in patients with cancer: report of four cases and review.
Risk factors for candidemia in patients with acute lymphocytic leukemia.
The morphologic and immunophenotypic assessment of the lymphocytosis accompanying Bordetella pertussis infection.
Expansion of immature thymic precursor cells in peripheral blood after acute marrow suppression.
Intranodal leiomyoma. Another distinctive primary spindle cell neoplasm of lymph node.
Dapsone for thrombocytopenic purpura related to human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Intranasal amphotericin B reduces the frequency of invasive aspergillosis in neutropenic patients.
Splenic hydatidosis.
Anemia and postoperative apnea in former preterm infants.
Primary pulmonary hypertension. Its association with microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and thrombocytopenia.
Foveal avascular zone diameter and sickle cell disease.
Orbital and eyelid involvement with Erdheim-Chester disease. A report of two cases.
Toxicity and immunomodulatory effects of interleukin-2 after autologous bone marrow transplantation for hematologic malignancies.
Antibodies to platelets in patients with anti-phospholipid antibodies.
Characteristics of quinine- and quinidine-induced antibodies specific for platelet glycoproteins IIb and IIIa.
Carrier detection in Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome: combined use of M27 beta for X-inactivation studies and as a linked probe.
Induction of the paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria phenotype in normal human erythrocytes: effects of 2-aminoethylisothiouronium bromide on membrane proteins that regulate complement.
Hereditary erythrocyte adenylate kinase deficiency: a defect of multiple phosphotransferases?
Posttransfusion purpura due to an alloantibody reactive with glycoprotein Ia/IIa (anti-HPA-5b).
Red cell membrane during erythropoietin therapy in hemodialysis and in hemodiafiltration.
Neutropenia associated with X-linked agammaglobulinaemia.
Comparative ferrokinetic study with initial and extended iron clearance models.
Human eosinophils are more toxic than neutrophils in antibody-independent killing.
Cardiopulmonary arrest following an infusion of calcium 2-amino ethanol phosphate.
Epidermal Langerhans cells in myelodysplastic syndromes are abnormal.
Thrombocytosis in adults: analysis of 777 patients.
Phase I study of recombinant human interleukin-3 in patients with bone marrow failure.
Prognostic significance of computed tomography of the brain in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Pain in sickle cell disease. Rates and risk factors.
Monosodium glutamate-related orofacial granulomatosis. Review and case report.
Difficult pediatric diagnoses. Bruising and bleeding [published erratum appears in Pediatr Clin North Am 1991 Oct;38(5):viii]
Factors influencing 20-hour increments after platelet transfusion.
Progressive platelet activation with storage: evidence for shortened survival of activated platelets after transfusion.
Is pulsed Doppler velocimetry useful in the management of multiple-gestation pregnancies?
The natural history of HELLP syndrome: patterns of disease progression and regression.
Preeclampsia as the great impostor.
Vitronectin in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid is increased in patients with interstitial lung disease.
Expression of 1,25(OH)2D3 receptors on alveolar lymphocytes from patients with pulmonary granulomatous diseases.
Prevention of bacterial infection in neutropenic patients with hematologic malignancies. A randomized, multicenter trial comparing norfloxacin with ciprofloxacin. The GIMEMA Infection Program. Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche Maligne dell'Adulto.
Continuous interleukin-2 and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes as treatment of advanced melanoma. A national biotherapy study group trial.
Clinical and cytogenetic characteristics of myelodysplastic syndromes developing myelofibrosis.
Chemotherapy for invasive thymoma. A 13-year experience.
A phase II trial of carboplatin in untreated patients with extensive stage small cell lung cancer.
Infusional carboplatin. Phase I studies of 5-day and 14-day infusions.
Eosinophil-induced chronic active hepatitis in the idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome.
Eosinophil cationic protein's role in human hepatic allograft rejection.
Urticaria pigmentosa and preleukemia: evidence for reactive mast cell proliferation.
Follicular accentuation of leukocytoclastic vasculitis in an HIV-seropositive man. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis.
Panniculitis in an immunocompromised patient.
Household pets and human infections.
Renoprotective effect of low iron diet and its consequence on glomerular hemodynamics.
Polyamines in the anemia of end-stage renal disease.
Factor XI deficiency in Ashkenazi Jews in Israel.
Anterior mediastinal masses: utility of transthoracic needle biopsy.
A randomized double-blind study of recombinant human erythropoietin in anaemic hemodialysis patients. Canadian Erythropoietin Study Group.
Cardiovascular hemodynamic effects of correction of anemia of chronic renal failure with recombinant-human erythropoietin.
Post-transfusion purpura.
X-linked lymphoreticular disease in the scurfy (sf) mutant mouse.
Myocardial infarction in childhood: clinical analysis of 17 cases and medium term follow up of survivors.
Early constrictive pericarditis and anemia after Dressler's syndrome and inferior wall myocardial infarction.
An acquired antithrombin autoantibody directed toward the catalytic center of the enzyme.
Spectrin Rouen (beta 220-218), a novel shortened beta-chain variant in a kindred with hereditary elliptocytosis. Characterization of the molecular defect as exon skipping due to a splice site mutation.
Disseminated intravascular coagulation associated with Staphylococcus aureus septicemia is mediated by peptidoglycan-induced platelet aggregation.
Splenosis presenting as a left renal mass indistinguishable from renal cell carcinoma.
Recombinant erythropoietin and Medicare payment.
Thrombocytopenia possibly caused by structurally related third-generation cephalosporins.
A new algorithm for the diagnosis of polycythemia.
Neutropenia in an extremely premature infant treated with recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Thymic carcinoid.
Postmortem studies of the heart in three fatal cases of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Myonecrosis and myofibrosis as complications of sickle cell anemia.
Functional outcomes of children with sickle-cell disease affected by stroke.
A phase II study of 4'-epirubicin in the treatment of poor-risk Kaposi's sarcoma and AIDS.
Frequency and prognostic importance of thrombocytopenia in symptom-free HIV-infected individuals: a 5-year prospective study.
Groin wound infection after arterial surgery [published erratum appears in Br J Surg 1991 Jul;78(7):888]
Subclinical cardiac dysfunction in sarcoidosis.
Crackles in interstitial lung disease. Comparison of sarcoidosis and fibrosing alveolitis.
Recent advances in pediatric infectious diseases and their impact on dermatology.
Weekly low-dose methotrexate therapy for cutaneous sarcoidosis.
Dysfibrinogenemia associated with thrombosis and third-trimester fetal loss. A case report.
Comparison of plasma exchange with plasma infusion in the treatment of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Canadian Apheresis Study Group
Improved survival in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura-hemolytic uremic syndrome. Clinical experience in 108 patients
A randomized clinical trial of feeder vessel photocoagulation of sickle cell retinopathy. A long-term follow-up.
Gangrene of the fingers secondary to myeloproliferative disease.
Substitution of leucine for isoleucine in a sequence highly conserved among retroviral envelope surface glycoproteins attenuates the lytic effect of the Friend murine leukemia virus.
Management options in fulminant hepatic failure.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the therapeutic use of recombinant human erythropoietin for anemia associated with chronic renal failure in predialysis patients. The US Recombinant Human Erythropoietin Predialysis Study Group [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Sep;18(3):420]
Low-dose recombinant human erythropoietin therapy in chronic hemodialysis patients.
Case report: hypothyroidism as a possible cause of an acquired reversible hemolytic anemia.
Effects of anemia on pulse oximetry and continuous mixed venous hemoglobin saturation monitoring in dogs.
Anemia in pediatric day-surgery patients: prevalence and detection.
Snake venom coagulopathy: use and abuse of blood products in the treatment of pit viper envenomation.
Systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as an intracranial bleed.
Treatment of cutaneous sarcoidosis with chloroquine. Review of the literature.
Sarcoidosis of the nervous system. A clinical approach.
Intermittent injection vs patient-controlled analgesia for sickle cell crisis pain. Comparison in patients in the emergency department.
Mineral spirits inhalation associated with hemolysis, pulmonary edema, and ventricular fibrillation.
Hereditary lymphedema and distichiasis.
Erythroleukemia in a child associated with monosomy 7.
Blood and bone marrow eosinophilia in malignant tumors. Role and nature of blood and tissue eosinophil colony-stimulating factor(s) in two patients.
Frequency of the hypercalcemia-leukocytosis syndrome in oral malignancies.
Patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) using fentanyl in a parturient with a platelet function abnormality
The parietal cell autoantibodies recognized in neonatal thymectomy-induced murine gastritis are the alpha and beta subunits of the gastric proton pump.
Intestinal and hepatic apolipoprotein B gene expression in abetalipoproteinemia.
Current problems in haematology. 2: Hereditary spherocytosis.
Patterns of mortality in sickle cell disease in the United Kingdom.
Congenital sideroblastic anaemia in two girls.
Crohn's disease associated with autoimmune neutropenia.
Effect of systemic fibrinogen depletion on intraabdominal abscess formation.
Functional, biochemical, and histopathologic consequences of high-dose interleukin-2 administration in rats.
Unusual clinical presentation of malignant histiocytosis in a 70-year-old woman.
L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Cimetidine and ranitidine may not cross-react to cause thrombocytopenia.
Prognostic significance of marked leukocytosis in hospitalized patients
Severe pancytopenia in a patient taking low dose methotrexate and probenecid.
Methotrexate treatment of multicentric reticulohistiocytosis.
Neurologic aspects of cobalamin deficiency.
Association of exotoxin-producing group A streptococci and severe disease in children.
Loss of both CSF1R (FMS) alleles in patients with myelodysplasia and a chromosome 5 deletion.
Renal peripelvic lymphangiectasia: appearance at CT.
Neutropenia-wise and pound-foolish: safe and effective chemotherapy in massively obese patients.
Agranulocytosis associated with enalapril.
Clinical use of biologic response modifiers in cancer treatment: an overview. Part II. Colony-stimulating factors and interleukin-2.
Ceftazidime as monotherapy or combined with teicoplanin for initial empiric treatment of presumed bacteremia in febrile granulocytopenic patients.
In vitro production of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in aplastic anemia: possible mechanisms of action of antithymocyte globulin.
Effects of hydroxyurea on hemoglobin F and water content in the red blood cells of dogs and of patients with sickle cell anemia.
Rapid increase in red blood cell density driven by K:Cl cotransport in a subset of sickle cell anemia reticulocytes and discocytes.
Asymmetrically primed selective amplification/temperature shift fluorescence polymerase chain reaction to detect the hemoglobin constant spring mutation.
Treatment of hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis with chemotherapy and bone marrow transplantation: a single-center study of 22 cases.
Blunted erythropoietin production and decreased erythropoiesis in early pregnancy.
Increased incidence of solid malignant tumors after bone marrow transplantation for severe aplastic anemia.
DEGR-factor Xa blocks disseminated intravascular coagulation initiated by Escherichia coli without preventing shock or organ damage.
Plasma antigen levels of the lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor in patient samples.
Establishment and characterization of a new human leukemia cell line derived from M4E0.
An insertional frameshift mutation of the beta-spectrin gene associated with elliptocytosis in spectrin nice (beta 220/216).
Methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin in metastatic breast cancer. A phase II trial of the Hoosier Oncology Group.
A phase I study of chronic daily dosing of oral etoposide in combination with cisplatin for patients with advanced cancer.
The importance of surface immunoglobulin, mouse rosettes, and CD5 in the immunophenotyping of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and reactive lymphocytosis.
Retrospective analysis of the incidence of pulmonary disease in hypogammaglobulinemia.
Defective immune adherence and elimination of hepatitis B surface antigen/antibody complexes in patients with mixed essential cryoglobulinemia type II.
Administration of IL-7 to normal mice stimulates B-lymphopoiesis and peripheral lymphadenopathy.
Correlation between dermal interstitial immunoglobulin G and hypergammaglobulinemia.
Clinical evaluation of nasopharyngeal carcinoma in Jordan.
Fatal human cyclical neutropenia with unresolving tonsillitis and bilateral cervical abscesses.
Kikuchi's necrotising lymphadenitis.
Ultrasound diagnosis of an obstructive cardiac rhabdomyoma with severe hydrops and hypoplastic lungs. A case report.
Antenatal diagnosis of fetal splenic cyst. A case report.
The spleen in the spleen syndrome: the association of splenoma with hematopoietic and neoplastic disease--compendium of cases since 1864.
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia (Kimura's disease): report of a large-sized lesion.
von Willebrand factor and animal models: contributions to gene therapy, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and coronary artery thrombosis.
von Willebrand factor: clinical features of inherited and acquired disorders.
Home treatment of hypogammaglobulinaemia with subcutaneous gammaglobulin by rapid infusion.
Malnutrition in a compulsive runner: a case conference.
The effects of acute moderate exercise on leukocyte and lymphocyte subpopulations.
Hydrops fetalis in the McKusick-Kaufman syndrome: a case report.
A life-threatening sexually transmitted Haemophilus influenzae in septic abortion: a case report.
Hyporegenerative anemia associated with intrauterine transfusion in rhesus hemolytic disease.
Tumor necrosis factor receptors in lymphoid tissues and lymphomas. Source and site of action of tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Prospective randomized evaluation of ciprofloxacin versus piperacillin plus amikacin for empiric antibiotic therapy of febrile granulocytopenic cancer patients with lymphomas and solid tumors. The European Organization for Research on Treatment of Cancer International Antimicrobial Therapy Cooperative Group.
Amikacin pharmacokinetics in patients receiving high-dose cancer chemotherapy.
Inflammatory pseudotumors of the spleen.
Mitoxantrone and high-dose etoposide for patients with relapsed or refractory acute leukemia.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy, surgery, and postoperative radiation therapy for invasive thymoma.
Influence of erythropoietin treatment on urea kinetic parameters in hemodialysis patients.
Correction of anemia in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis with subcutaneous recombinant erythropoietin twice a week: a long-term study.
Endocardial fibroelastosis in infants with hydrops fetalis.
Pregnancy outcome in patients with high titer anti-RNP antibodies. A retrospective study of 40 pregnancies.
Interstitial lung disease and cryoglobulinemia in polymyositis.
Sonography in the diagnosis of acute appendicitis.
Measurement of serum granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in a patient with congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
T lymphocyte activation in patients with active tuberculosis.
Eosinophilia myalgia syndrome: I. Immunocytochemical evidence for a T-cell-mediated immune effector response.
Secondary erythrocytosis due to a cerebellar hemangioblastoma: demonstration of erythropoietin mRNA in the tumor.
Erythropoiesis in Fanconi's anemia.
Hematologic effects of stem cell factor in vivo and in vitro in rodents.
Acute leukemia after a primary myelodysplastic syndrome: immunophenotypic, genotypic, and clinical characteristics.
Molecular basis of the enhanced susceptibility of the erythrocytes of paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria to hemolysis in acidified serum.
Hemodynamics and coronary blood flow during exercise after coronary artery bypass grafting with internal mammary arteries in children with Kawasaki disease.
Altered lipid profile after Kawasaki syndrome.
Apolipoprotein synthesis in normal and abetalipoproteinemic intestinal mucosa.
Splenosis: an unusual cause of intraabdominal hemorrhage.
Topical nitrogen mustard: an effective treatment for cutaneous Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
Stanozolol in treatment of leg ulcers due to cryofibrinogenaemia.
Increased risk of myelodysplasia and leukaemia after etoposide, cisplatin, and bleomycin for germ-cell tumours.
Randomized, placebo-controlled trial of iron supplementation in infants with low hemoglobin levels fed iron-fortified formula.
Normal thymus simulating pericardial disease: diagnostic value of magnetic resonance imaging.
Clonality in myeloproliferative disorders: analysis by means of the polymerase chain reaction.
Fulminant childhood hemophagocytic syndrome mimicking histiocytic medullary reticulosis. An atypical form of Epstein-Barr virus infection.
A case of acquired factor X deficiency with in vivo and in vitro evidence of inhibitor activity directed against factor X.
Diagnostic and therapeutic strategies of white clot syndrome.
Compression therapy of limb edema using hydrostatic pressure of mercury.
Vasculitic skin ulcers associated with myelofibrosis--a case report.
Idiopathic and L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilic fasciitis before and after L-tryptophan contamination.
Acquired aplastic anaemia: still a serious disease.
Erythropoietin responsive progenitors in anaemia of prematurity.
Histiocytic necrotizing lymphadenitis (Kikuchi's disease).
Evidence for impaired erythropoietin response to anaemia in rheumatoid disease.
Aplastic anaemia in systemic lupus erythematosus: a cellular immune mechanism?
Prognostic value of bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocyte count in recently diagnosed pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Unusual diffuse pulmonary lymphatic proliferation in a young boy.
Left-sided pleural effusion secondary to splenic vein thrombosis. A previously unrecognized relationship.
Plasmapheresis in a case of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome with ascending polyneuropathy.
Secretory diarrhea following a dog bite.
Yersinia enterocolitica infection with ileal perforation associated with iron overload and deferoxamine therapy.
Surgical management of extracranial vertebral artery occlusive disease.
Leukocyte adhesion-deficient neutrophils fail to amplify phagocytic function in response to stimulation. Evidence for CD11b/CD18-dependent and -independent mechanisms of phagocytosis.
Globin chain synthesis in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Thalassaemia trait and myocardial infarction: low infarction incidence in male subjects confirmed.
Successful treatment of hepatosplenic candidiasis with a liposomal amphotericin B preparation.
Nephrocalcinosis in Sjogren's syndrome: a late sequela of renal tubular acidosis.
Actuarial analysis of the occurrence of remissions following thymectomy for myasthenia gravis in 400 patients.
Macrocytosis in multiple sclerosis. A study in 82 de novo Arab patients.
Rheumatic manifestations in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Bone remodelling after growth factor and cyclosporine A therapy for aplastic anemia.
Common variable hypogammaglobulinemia presenting as nontypable Haemophilus influenzae septic arthritis in an adult.
Scleroderma-like fasciitis without eosinophilia after L-tryptophan ingestion.
Vitamin K therapy in severe liver disease.
Hypergastrinaemia: a new mechanism.
Non-Menkes-type copper deficiency with regression, lactic acidosis, and granulocytopenia.
Tissue eosinophilia and eosinophil degranulation in orbital pseudotumor.
Splenic abscesses due to Mycobacterium tuberculosis in patients with AIDS.
Ceftazidime plus amikacin versus ceftazidime plus vancomycin as empiric therapy in febrile neutropenic children with cancer.
Candida and Aspergillus infections in immunocompromised patients: an overview.
Problems in the diagnosis of invasive fungal diseases.
Empiric therapy with amphotericin B in febrile granulocytopenic patients.
Rehabilitation in rheumatic diseases. What's new.
Should intravenous immunoglobulin G be first-line treatment for acute thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura? Case report and review of the literature.
Hepatosplenic candidiasis: successful treatment with fluconazole.
Fluconazole therapy for chronic disseminated candidiasis in patients with leukemia and prior amphotericin B therapy.
Eosinophiluria in atheroembolic renal disease.
Interleukin-2 induces early multisystem organ edema mediated by neutrophils.
Low fetal risks in pregnancies associated with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura
The probability of obtaining compatible blood from related directed donors
Identification of autoantibodies specific for the neutrophil adhesion glycoproteins CD11b/CD18 in patients with autoimmune neutropenia.
Progression and survival studies in early chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Role for interleukin-1 (IL-1) in benzene-induced hematotoxicity: inhibition of conversion of pre-IL-1 alpha to mature cytokine in murine macrophages by hydroquinone and prevention of benzene-induced hematotoxicity in mice by IL-1 alpha.
Functional characterization of an abnormal factor XII molecule (F XII Bern).
Low-dose aspirin to improve perinatal outcome.
Toxic oil syndrome: a current clinical and epidemiologic summary, including comparisons with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Sarcoid neuropathy.
Intracranial aneurysms in sickle-cell anemia: clinical features and pathogenesis.
Severe hypoxemia secondary to acute sternal infarction in sickle cell anemia.
Long-term developmental outcome of infants with iron deficiency.
Factor XII deficiency and pregnancy.
Acute transient thrombocytopenia associated with cocaine abuse in pregnancy.
Acute twin-twin transfusion: a possible mechanism for brain-damaged survivors after intrauterine death of a monochorionic twin.
Fetal supraventricular tachycardia and hydrops fetalis: combined intensive, direct, and transplacental therapy.
Reliability of pleural fluid lymphocyte counts in the antenatal diagnosis of congenital chylothorax.
Childhood exanthems. Old and new.
Computed tomography in chronic interstitial lung disease.
Scintigraphic studies of inflammation in diffuse lung disease.
Pulmonary angiitis and granulomatosis.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: findings on chest radiographs in 18 patients.
Digital gangrene in small cell lung cancer: response to aspirin treatment.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura first seen as massive vaginal necrosis.
Obstetric complications in a patient with Bernard-Soulier syndrome.
The mechanism responsible for diminished neutrophil production in neonates delivered of women with pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Natural history of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Choanal atresia and lymphedema.
Stripping out pus in lactational mastitis: a means of preventing breast abscess.
Neoadjuvant cisplatin plus vinblastine chemotherapy in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
A phase II trial of high-dose cisplatin and dacarbazine. Lack of efficacy of high-dose, cisplatin-based therapy for metastatic melanoma.
High-dose cisplatin with dacarbazine and tamoxifen in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Whole-abdominal irradiation for the management of gastrointestinal and abdominal manifestations of agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
Angiofollicular lymph node hyperplasia (Castleman's disease) in an adolescent female. Clinical and immunologic findings.
Secondary myelodysplastic syndrome complicating therapy for osteogenic sarcoma.
Nutritional assessment in anemic hemodialysis patients treated with recombinant human erythropoietin.
Regression of left ventricular hypertrophy after partial correction of anemia with erythropoietin in patients on hemodialysis: a prospective study.
Sequences of taxol and cisplatin: a phase I and pharmacologic study.
Lack of association between neutropenia and the incidence of bacteremia associated with indwelling central venous catheters in febrile pediatric cancer patients.
Effects of albumin on ionized calcium in vitro.
Paraplegia in a pregnant thalassemic woman due to extramedullary hematopoiesis: successful management with transfusions.
Gallbladder and pancreatic metastases from bilateral renal carcinoma presenting with hematobilia and anemia.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura treated with plasma exchange or exchange transfusions.
Aztreonam-induced myelosuppression during treatment of Pseudomonas aeruginosa pneumonia.
Decreased hypoprothrombinemic response to warfarin secondary to the warfarin-nafcillin interaction.
Flutamide-induced methemoglobinemia.
Plasmapheresis. A therapeutic option in the management of heparin-associated thrombocytopenia with thrombosis.
Recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia at higher age or after relapse.
Heterogeneity of the molecular basis of hereditary pyropoikilocytosis and hereditary elliptocytosis associated with increased levels of the spectrin alpha I/74-kilodalton tryptic peptide.
Immune thrombocytopenic purpura and intravenous immunoglobulin.
Use of intravenous immunoglobulin in acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Use of intravenous immunoglobulin in various medical conditions. A Japanese experience.
The spectrum of eosinophilic gastroenteritis. Report of six pediatric cases and review of the literature.
Human parvovirus B19 and its associated diseases.
Cytokines: a new immunotherapy.
Cutaneous manifestations of cryoglobulinemia: clinical and histopathologic study of seventy-two patients.
Papular mucinosis in L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Comparison of platelet-activating factor-induced chemotaxis of normodense and hypodense eosinophils.
Neurosarcoidosis--demonstration of meningeal disease by gadolinium enhanced magnetic resonance imaging.
Lymphocyte subpopulations in the thymus, lymph nodes and spleen of iron-deficient and rehabilitated mice.
Value of degenerative change in neutrophils as a diagnostic test for Kawasaki syndrome.
Molecular analysis of X-linked agammaglobulinemia with growth hormone deficiency.
How to diagnose bleeding disorders.
Kikuchi-Fujimoto syndrome during pregnancy.
Lymphangiosarcoma associated with lymphedema in a man with Maffucci's syndrome.
Transfusion-related chronic liver disease in sickle cell anemia.
Detection of antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi in patients with uveitis.
A multicenter clinical trial of epoetin beta for anemia of end-stage renal disease.
A phase I trial of recombinant human interleukin-1 beta alone and in combination with myelosuppressive doses of 5-fluorouracil in patients with gastrointestinal cancer.
Identification of the c-kit ligand: end of the road for understanding aplastic anemia in steel mutant mice?
Temporal replacement of donor erythrocytes and leukocytes in nonanemic W44J/W44J and severely anemic W/Wv mice.
Changes in splenic microcirculatory pathways in chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Administration of interleukin-2 (IL-2) results in increased plasma concentrations of IL-5 and eosinophilia in patients with cancer.
Alpha-thalassemia resulting from deletion of regulatory sequences far upstream of the alpha-globin structural genes.
Improvement of mouse beta-thalassemia by recombinant human erythropoietin.
Molecular basis for elliptocytosis associated with glycophorin C and D deficiency in the Leach phenotype.
Impaired erythropoietin production in mice treated with cyclosporin A.
The quantitative study of lumbar vertebral bone marrow using T1 mapping and image analysis techniques: methodology and preliminary results.
Heparin treatment in thrombin-induced disseminated intravascular coagulation in the baboon.
Gastric antral vascular ectasia: a problem of recognition and diagnosis.
Four different mutations in codon 28 of alpha spectrin are associated with structurally and functionally abnormal spectrin alpha I/74 in hereditary elliptocytosis.
Localization of human platelet autoantigens to the cysteine-rich region of glycoprotein IIIa.
Efficacy of antilipopolysaccharide and anti-tumor necrosis factor monoclonal antibodies in a neutropenic rat model of Pseudomonas sepsis.
Ventricular cerebrospinal fluid eosinophilia in children with ventriculoperitoneal shunts.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage in sickle-cell disease.
Phase I study of weekly intravenous infusions of CPT-11, a new derivative of camptothecin, in the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
The natural history of epistaxis in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria with onset in childhood and adolescence.
Sarcoidosis presenting as an isolated intramedullary tumor.
The pediatrician's involvement in prevention and treatment of oral disease in medically compromised children.
Assessment of diffuse infiltrative lung disease: comparison of conventional CT and high-resolution CT.
Orbital lesions with granulomatous inflammation.
Mast cell tryptase and histamine concentrations in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from patients with interstitial lung disease.
Anterior mediastinal tumor of 30 years' duration.
Combined recombinant human erythropoietin-blood letting strategy for treating anemia and iron overload in hemodialysis patients.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on the plasma levels of vasoactive regulatory peptides in patients on maintenance hemodialysis.
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia of the hand. A case report.
Release of granule proteins by eosinophils from allergic and nonallergic patients with eosinophilia on immunoglobulin-dependent activation.
Mononeuropathy multiplex complicating idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Osteomyelitis of the mandible as a result of sickle cell disease. Report and literature review.
Sickle cell disease and aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Chronic diffuse infiltrative lung disease: comparison of diagnostic accuracy of high-resolution and conventional CT.
CT appearance of splenic injuries managed nonoperatively.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the spleen. Report of two cases with a review of the literature.
The platelet volume-number relationship in patients infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Weekly subcutaneous recombinant human erythropoietin corrects anemia of progressive renal failure.
Syndrome of severe skin disease, eosinophilia, and dermatopathic lymphadenopathy in patients with HTLV-II complicating human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Management of fetal hemolytic disease by cordocentesis. I. Prediction of fetal anemia.
Steroid therapy for hydrops associated with antibody-mediated congenital heart block.
Coronary artery aneurysms--a case study and literature review.
Human neutrophil elastase and elastase/alpha 1-antiprotease complex in cystic fibrosis. Comparison with interstitial lung disease and evaluation of the effect of intravenously administered antibiotic therapy.
Chronic renal failure in sickle cell disease: risk factors, clinical course, and mortality.
Cerebrovascular abnormalities in pediatric stroke: assessment using parenchymal and angiographic magnetic resonance imaging.
Recombinant human interleukin-1 beta analogue as a regulator of hematopoiesis in patients receiving chemotherapy for urogenital cancers.
Cat-scratch disease.
Common reactions to transfusions.
Xanthoma disseminatum: a case with extensive mucous membrane involvement.
Sustained ventricular tachycardia associated with sarcoidosis: assessment of the underlying cardiac anatomy and the prospective utility of programmed ventricular stimulation, drug therapy and an implantable antitachycardia device.
Intravenous prostacyclin in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura: case report and review of the literature.
Paraproteinaemia in relatives of patients with primary acquired agammaglobulinaemia.
Rheumatoid factor, cryoglobulinemia, anti-DNA, and renal disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in serum and its relationship to T cell abnormality and clinical manifestations of the disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
The eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: the Los Alamos Conference.
Fulminant thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in a patient with the limited form of scleroderma: successful outcome using plasma exchange.
Jaccoud's-type arthropathy: an association with sarcoidosis.
Recognition of a chromosome truncation site associated with alpha-thalassaemia by human telomerase.
cDNA cloning of human R-type pyruvate kinase and identification of a single amino acid substitution (Thr384----Met) affecting enzymatic stability in a pyruvate kinase variant (PK Tokyo) associated with hereditary hemolytic anemia.
Supplementation of patients with homozygous sickle cell disease with zinc, alpha-tocopherol, vitamin C, soybean oil, and fish oil.
Case report: epidural and bilateral retroorbital hematomas complicating sickle cell anemia.
Kaposi's sarcoma of spleen with unusual clinical and histologic features.
Hurthle cell hyperplasia and sarcoidosis of the thyroid.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the spleen. Morphological, radiological, immunophenotypic, and ultrastructural features.
Multiple sclerosis associated with vitamin B12 deficiency.
Clinical implications of seizures in neurosarcoidosis.
Antigen-presenting capacity in patients with sarcoidosis.
Autoimmune MRL-1 pr/1pr mice are an animal model for the secondary antiphospholipid syndrome.
High-dose intravenous gamma globulin: does it have a role in the treatment of severe erythroblastosis fetalis?
Iron oxide-enhanced MR imaging of the liver and spleen: review of the first 5 years.
Association between antiphospholipid antibodies and cardiac abnormalities in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Motor neuron disease in a patient with a monoclonal IgMk directed against GM1, GD1b, and high-molecular-weight neural-specific glycoproteins.
Transient erythroblastopenia of childhood with CD10, TdT, and cytoplasmic mu lymphocyte positivity in bone marrow.
The mast cell in health and disease.
Xanthoma disseminatum and Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
Comparative therapy with cefpirome alone and in combination with rifampin and/or gentamicin against a disseminated Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in leukopenic mice.
Branhamella catarrhalis: antigenic determinants and the development of the IgG subclass response in childhood.
Preoperative hemostatic assessment of the adenotonsillectomy patient.
Carcinoma of the prostate. Treating disease that has metastasized.
Sarcoidosis of the CNS: comparison of unenhanced and enhanced MR images.
Persistent B19 parvovirus infection in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1): a treatable cause of anemia in AIDS.
Permeability characteristics of deoxygenated sickle cells.
Lack of increased bleeding after liver biopsy in patients with mild hemostatic abnormalities.
Acute leukemia/lymphoma of plasmacytoid T-cell type.
Changes in the cochlear iron enzymes and adenosine triphosphatase in experimental iron deficiency.
Prevention of adult respiratory distress syndrome with plasminogen activator in pigs.
A new manifestation and treatment alternative for heparin-induced thrombosis.
Cranial magnetic resonance imaging in chronic demyelinating polyneuropathy.
Brazilian purpuric fever--Mato Grosso, Brazil.
Pure red cell aplasia due to parvovirus B19 infection in a man with HIV infection.
Effect of long-term epoetin beta therapy on the quality of life of hemodialysis patients.
Immunohistochemical and ultrastructural study of histiocytosis X and non-X histiocytoses.
Safety and effects of interleukin-2 plus zidovudine in asymptomatic individuals infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Is intrauterine transfusion associated with diminished fetal growth?
Clonal B-cell populations in patients with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Antithrombotic effects of KP-10614, a novel and stable prostacyclin (PGI2) analog.
Effect of granulocytopenia on oral microbial relationships in patients with acute leukemia.
Gallstones in children. Characterization by age, etiology, and outcome.
Restoration of phagocyte function by interferon-gamma in X-linked chronic granulomatous disease occurs at the level of a progenitor cell.
Experimental endotoxemia in humans: analysis of cytokine release and coagulation, fibrinolytic, and complement pathways.
Quinine-induced immune thrombocytopenia associated with hemolytic uremic syndrome: a new clinical entity.
Role of Chlamydia pneumoniae in acute chest syndrome of sickle cell disease.
Hemolytic disease of the newborn caused by anti-Rh32 and demonstration that RN encodes rhi (Ce,Rh7).
Lupus anticoagulant inhibition of in vitro prostacyclin release is associated with a thrombosis-prone subset of patients.
Increased levels of serum interferon-gamma in pulmonary sarcoidosis and relationship with response to corticosteroid therapy.
A phase I study of high-dose ifosfamide and escalating doses of carboplatin with autologous bone marrow support.
Prolonged hemorrhagic shock does not impair regeneration of plasma coagulant masses in the rabbit.
A lifelong bleeding disorder associated with a deficiency of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1.
Ifosfamide continuous infusion without mesna. A phase I trial of a 14-day cycle.
Shifts in interleukin-4 and interferon-gamma production by T cells of patients with elevated serum IgE levels and the modulatory effects of these lymphokines on spontaneous IgE synthesis.
High-dose intravenous IgG treatment and renal function
A controlled trial of interferon gamma to prevent infection in chronic granulomatous disease. The International Chronic Granulomatous Disease Cooperative Study Group.
Depletion of extrinsic pathway inhibitor (EPI) sensitizes rabbits to disseminated intravascular coagulation induced with tissue factor: evidence supporting a physiologic role for EPI as a natural anticoagulant.
Interleukin-2-induced lung injury is mediated by oxygen free radicals.
Gold-associated lymphadenopathy in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis. Histologic and scanning electron microscopic features.
Deferoxamine-induced bone dysplasia in patients with thalassemia major.
Use of recombinant human interferon gamma to enhance neutrophil chemotactic responses in Job syndrome of hyperimmunoglobulinemia E and recurrent infections.
Preferential usage of the T-cell antigen receptor beta-chain constant region C beta 1 element by lung T-lymphocytes of patients with pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Clinical aspects of 100 patients with Kawasaki disease.
Antiendothelial cell antibodies detected by a cellular based ELISA in Kawasaki disease.
The effect of intrauterine intravascular blood transfusion on iron metabolism in fetuses with Rh alloimmunization.
Pseudopathologies of hemostasis and dental surgery.
Cerebral ischemic events associated with endocarditis, retinal vascular disease, and lupus anticoagulant.
T cell subsets and their soluble products regulate eosinophilia in allergic and nonallergic asthma.
Transient T and B cell activation after neonatal induction of tolerance to MHC class II or Mls alloantigens.
Absent splenic uptake of indium-111-oxine-labeled autologous leukocytes in functional asplenia.
Neonatal screening for sickle cell disease: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Hypoprothrombinemia and hemorrhage in a surgical patient treated with cefotetan.
Hypertension following erythropoietin therapy in anemic hemodialysis patients.
Retrovirus-induced feline pure red blood cell aplasia: pathogenesis and response to suramin.
In vivo interferon-gamma therapy augments the in vitro ability of chronic granulomatous disease neutrophils to damage Aspergillus hyphae.
Recombinant human interferon-gamma as adjunct therapy for Aspergillus infection in a patient with chronic granulomatous disease.
Thrombin-induced leukopenia and thrombocytopenia are attenuated by PAF antagonist WEB 2086.
Chemotherapy with high dose ifosfamide/mesna plus cisplatin for the treatment of ovarian cancer: a study of the Grupo de Estudio y Tratamiento Latino-Americano del Cancer.
Antibody responses to protein, polysaccharide, and phi X174 antigens in the hyperimmunoglobulinemia E (hyper-IgE) syndrome.
Purpura fulminans and adrenal hemorrhage due to group Y meningococcemia in an elderly woman.
Analysis of the relationship of von Willebrand disease (vWD) and hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia and identification of a potential type IIA vWD mutation (IIe865 to Thr).
A familial occurrence of natural killer cell--T-lymphocyte proliferation disease in two children.
Recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor improves the compromised state of recipient mice without affecting the induction of specific tolerance in the cyclophosphamide-induced tolerance system.
Efficacy of recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on neutropenia in patients with AIDS.
The specific activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in disseminated intravascular coagulation with acute promyelocytic leukemia.
Detecting fetomaternal hemorrhage: a comparison of five methods
A cryoglobulin with cold agglutinin and erythroid stem cell suppressant properties.
Fetal liver dysfunction in Rh alloimmunization.
PAF-induced bowel necrosis. Effects of vasodilators.
Clonal analysis of CD4+/CD8+ T cells in a patient with aplastic anemia.
Thymic targets for Abelson murine leukemia virus are early gamma/delta T lymphocytes.
Thymic tumorigenesis induced by overexpression of p56lck.
Platelet dysfunction in Noonan's syndrome. A case with a platelet cyclooxygenase-like deficiency and chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Anti-human immunodeficiency virus synergism by zidovudine (3'-azidothymidine) and didanosine (dideoxyinosine) contrasts with their additive inhibition of normal human marrow progenitor cells.
Atrial natriuretic peptide and blood volume during red cell transfusion in preterm infants.
Hemorrhagic disorder due to an isoniazid-associated acquired factor XIII inhibitor in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
Combined therapy with recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor and erythropoietin decreases hematologic toxicity from zidovudine.
Gonadal function after allogenic bone marrow transplantation for thalassaemia.
Myelodysplastic syndrome and pancytopenia in a patient with non-A, non-B chronic active hepatitis.
Recombinant granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after autologous bone marrow transplantation for lymphoid cancer.
Normocytic and macrocytic anemias.
Structure of a monoclonal kappa chain of the V kappa IV subgroup in the kidney and plasma cells in light chain deposition disease.
Invasive aspergillus rhinosinusitis in patients with acute leukemia.
Prolonged hypofibrinogenemia and protein C activation after envenoming by Echis carinatus sochureki.
Inhibitor of the thrombin time in systemic amyloidosis: a common coagulation abnormality.
Red cell aplasia in myelodysplastic syndrome.
Rapid development of vitamin K deficiency in an adolescent boy receiving total parenteral nutrition following bone marrow transplantation.
Characterization of the proliferative response of a CD4-8- thymic T lymphoma cell line to stimulation by thymic cellular elements.
Cost effectiveness of prophylactic intravenous immune globulin in chronic lymphocytic leukemia [see comment]
Reduction by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor of fever and neutropenia induced by chemotherapy in patients with small-cell lung cancer.
A phase I/II trial of zidovudine, interferon-alpha, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection.
Immunoglobulin D benign monoclonal gammopathy. A case report.
Rh isoimmunization complicating a triplet gestation. A case report.
Capsaicin inhibits airway hyperresponsiveness but not lipoxygenase activity or eosinophilia after repeated aerosolized antigen in guinea pigs.
Acquired hypoprothrombinaemia and lupus anticoagulant: response to steroid therapy.
Successful allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in a 6.5-year-old male for severe aplastic anemia complicating orthotopic liver transplantation for fulminant non-A-non-B hepatitis.
Antenatal suppression of Rh alloimmunization.
Enhanced sensitization after cordocentesis in a rhesus-isoimmunized pregnancy.
Source of tubercle bacilli in cervical lymph nodes: a prospective study.
The association of prenatal nutrition and educational services with low birth weight rates in a Florida program.
A variant form of thrombasthenia.
Analysis at the clonal level of T-cell phenotype and functions in severe aplastic anemia patients.
Immunodepletion of extrinsic pathway inhibitor sensitizes rabbits to endotoxin-induced intravascular coagulation and the generalized Shwartzman reaction.
Primary anetoderma associated with a wide spectrum of autoimmune abnormalities.
Minerals in hair, serum, and urine of healthy and anemic black children.
