Changing indications for penetrating keratoplasty in Vancouver, 1978-87.
Is corneal deposition of antimalarial any indication of retinal toxicity?
The management of chalazion: a survey of Ontario ophthalmologists.
Sarcoidosis of the eyelid skin.
Clinical prognostic factors in patients with posterior uveal malignant melanoma.
Ocular complications of rheumatic diseases of childhood.
Thromboxane A2-mimetics are potent microvascular permeability factors in the conjunctiva.
Retinal degeneration in the rd mouse is caused by a defect in the beta subunit of rod cGMP-phosphodiesterase
Cytomegalovirus-induced osteomyelitis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Cavernous-carotid thrombosis and ocular motor paresis
Retinal infarction during sleep and wakefulness.
Toxoplasmic chorioretinitis and hepatic granulomas.
Linkage relationship of X-linked juvenile retinoschisis with Xp22.1-p22.3 probes.
Rapidly progressive outer retinal necrosis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Crohn's disease and retinal vascular disease.
Vitrectomy retinotomy aspiration biopsy of choroidal tumors
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of vitreoretinal disease in eyes with intraocular silicone oil.
Histopathologic study of the Molteno glaucoma implant in three patients.
Correlations of acoustic tissue typing of malignant melanoma and histopathologic features as a predictor of death.
Successful medical management of Acanthamoeba keratitis
Successful treatment of recurrent corneal erosion with Nd:YAG anterior stromal puncture
A clinical triad to diagnose paraneoplastic retinopathy.
Vision screening in a primary care setting. A missed opportunity?
Multicenter trial of cryotherapy for retinopathy of prematurity. One-year outcome--structure and function. Cryotherapy for Retinopathy of Prematurity Cooperative Group.
Echographic features of the Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome.
Clinical and morphometric results of penetrating keratoplasty with one-piece anterior-chamber or suture-fixated posterior-chamber lenses in the absence of lens capsule.
Botulinum vs adjustable suture surgery in the treatment of horizontal misalignment in adult patients lacking fusion.
Relationship of drusen and abnormalities of the retinal pigment epithelium to the prognosis of neovascular macular degeneration. The Macular Photocoagulation Study Group.
Metastatic carcinoma to the retina. Clinicopathologic findings in two cases.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Reiter's syndrome: a disease continuum?
Fluorosilicone oil in the treatment of retinal detachment.
A survey of the initial referral of children to an ophthalmology department.
Aqueous humour and serum zinc and copper concentrations of patients with glaucoma and cataract.
Topical timolol and serum lipoproteins.
Cytopathology of adenovirus keratitis by replica technique.
Pupillary responses in amblyopia.
Multifocal posterior uveitis: clinical and pathological findings.
Linear scleroderma associated with ptosis and motility disorders.
Homocystinuria presenting as central retinal artery occlusion and longstanding thromboembolic disease.
Chickenpox chorioretinitis.
Choroidal osteoma (osseous choristoma): an atypical case.
Abnormal redox status without increased lipid peroxidation in sugar cataract.
Traumatic asphyxia.
Immunotherapy abrogates the generation of eosinophil and neutrophil chemotactic activity during pollen season.
Glaucoma screening: too little, too late?
Nonrandom chromosomal abnormalities in primary uveal melanoma.
Visual impairment in a rural Appalachian community. Prevalence and causes.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: clinical features in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Whither short-course chemotherapy for tuberculous meningitis?
Chronic Lyme disease with an expansive granulomatous lesion in the cerebellopontine angle.
Overnight admission of outpatient strabismus patients.
Vitreous changes and macular edema in central retinal vein occlusion.
Management of macular puckers associated with retinal angiomas.
Experience with photocoagulation in Behcet's disease.
Increase of neuroretinal rim area after surgical intraocular pressure reduction.
Evaluation of visual fields by ophthalmologists and by OCTOSMART program.
Fluorescein angiography in ciliary body melanomas.
Unusual exudative retinal detachment 9 months after scleral buckling surgery.
Comparative study of different techniques of intraocular gas tamponade in the treatment of retinal detachment due to macular hole.
Intraoperative massive suprachoroidal hemorrhage during pars plana vitrectomy.
Autosomal dominant neovascular inflammatory vitreoretinopathy.
HLA associations and ancestry in Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease and sympathetic ophthalmia.
Acquired retinal arteriovenous communications in occlusive disease of the carotid artery.
Clinical spectrum of leber's congenital amaurosis in the second to fourth decades of life.
Crystalline cataract and uncombable hair. Ultrastructural and biochemical findings.
Bilateral keloid-like myofibroblastic proliferations of the cornea in children.
Glaucomatous optic nerve atrophy in small discs with low cup-to-disc ratios
Unilateral mydriasis caused by transdermal scopolamine.
Assessing acquired ocular diseases.
The use of conchal cartilage graft in involutional entropion.
Long-term results following 131I treatment for Graves' disease in Hong Kong Chinese--discriminant factors predicting hypothyroidism.
Primary meningococcal conjunctivitis: report of 21 patients and review.
A mouse model of the aniridia-Wilms tumor deletion syndrome.
Cataract extraction in uveitis patients.
Ocular disease associated with Epstein-Barr virus infection.
Antibodies in human tears during and after infection.
Disc swelling in an adult diabetic patient [clinical conference]
Caspar Stromayr: sixteenth century ophthalmologist.
Pseudoexfoliative fibrillopathy in the skin of patients with ocular pseudoexfoliation.
Cholesterol localization in ultrathin frozen sections in Schnyder's corneal crystalline dystrophy.
Traumatic enucleation for posterior uveal melanoma.
A randomized study of methanol-extraction residue of bacille Calmette-Guerin as postsurgical adjuvant therapy of uveal melanoma.
The value of nucleolar organizer regions in uveal melanoma. The Collaborative Ocular Melanoma Study Group.
Orbital intramuscular schwannoma.
Immunohistologic properties of benign and malignant mixed tumor of the lacrimal gland.
South American blastomycosis: ophthalmic and oculomotor nerve lesions.
Thyrotoxicosis induced by topical iodine application.
Association of labial salivary gland histopathology with clinical and serologic features of connective tissue diseases.
Prophylaxis of aphakic cystoid macular edema without corticosteroids. A paired-comparison, placebo-controlled double-masked study.
Sports-related ocular trauma.
Ki-67 immunostaining in uveal melanoma. The effect of pre-enucleation radiotherapy.
Ocular syphilis.
Acute syphilitic posterior placoid chorioretinitis.
Indications and results of relaxing retinotomy.
Extensive peripheral retinectomy combined with posterior 360 degrees retinotomy for retinal reattachment in advanced proliferative vitreoretinopathy cases.
Experimental retinal branch vein occlusion in miniature pigs induces local tissue hypoxia and vasoproliferative microangiopathy.
Longitudinal study of lesions of the posterior segment in onchocerciasis.
Toxoplasma gondii retinochoroiditis and optic neuritis in acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Report of a case.
Computed tomography in the assessment of the postenucleation socket syndrome.
Lateral wall advancement in orbital decompression.
Assessment of tear drainage after canalicular obstruction using fluorescein dye disappearance.
Seven hundred medicolegal cases in ophthalmology.
Graves orbitopathy: correlation of CT and clinical findings.
Epiphora: treatment by means of dacryocystoplasty with balloon dilation of the nasolacrimal drainage apparatus
Outpatient management of traumatic microhyphemas.
Ocular atopy and mycotic keratitis.
Intraocular foreign bodies: results of 27 cases.
Intraocular lens complications.
Endophthalmitis due to Sporothrix schenckii after penetrating ocular injury.
Effect of local anesthesia and ocular massage on central corneal curvature.
The influence of prior therapy on the success of trabeculectomy.
Early intraocular pressure rise after trabeculectomy.
Serous retinal detachment following glaucoma filtering surgery.
The macular photostress test in diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration.
Surgical techniques and reattachment rates in retinal detachment due to macular hole.
Graves' ophthalmopathy. Correlation of saccadic eye movements with age, presence of optic neuropathy, and extraocular muscle volume.
Antibodies to Epstein-Barr virus in iridocorneal endothelial syndrome.
Vitreous amyloidosis associated with homozygosity for the transthyretin methionine-30 gene.
Metastatic ciliary body carcinoid tumor.
Hydrogen peroxide localization in experimental optic neuritis.
Whitnall's sling for poor function ptosis.
Congenital myasthenia associated with facial malformations in Iraqi and Iranian Jews. A new genetic syndrome.
The anatomical basis of the caecocentral scotoma. New observations and a review.
Echocardiographic evaluation of patients with clinically suspected arterial emboli.
Sensory visual testing in idiopathic intracranial hypertension: measures sensitive to change.
Immunohistologic study of epiretinal membranes in proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Identification of Toxoplasma gondii in paraffin-embedded sections by the polymerase chain reaction.
Epiretinal membrane contracture associated with macular prolapse.
Experimental endoretinal biopsy.
Acanthamoeba keratitis associated with disposable contact lenses.
Ocular injury induced by methyl ethyl ketone peroxide.
Topical use of cyclosporine in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis.
Anisocoria in the pigmentary dispersion syndrome
Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and cataract of patients in northern Sardinia.
Laser placement in noncontact Nd:YAG cyclophotocoagulation.
Ocular movements in essential blepharospasm.
Antibiotic therapy for Bacillus species infections.
Extraorbital use of a disinserted superior oblique as a sling in third nerve palsy: a new single-stage surgical technique.
Anterior segment ischemia: a complication of retinal detachment repair in a patient with sickle cell trait.
Central retinal artery obstruction in herpes zoster ophthalmicus and cerebral vasculopathy.
Nylon suture toxicity after vitrectomy surgery.
Contact transscleral laser cyclocoagulation in glaucoma.
Conjunctival involvement in pemphigus vulgaris: a clinical, histopathological and immunofluorescence study.
A miniaturized vitrectomy system for vitreous and retinal biopsy.
Lens opacity as a predictor of visual field impairment due to cataract.
Orbital compartment syndrome. Direct measurement of orbital tissue pressure: 1. Technique.
Possible significance of cilioretinal arteries in low-tension glaucoma.
Recession of the superior oblique tendon in A-pattern strabismus.
Angle-closure glaucoma as initial presentation of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Nonpigmented congenital iris stromal cyst.
Matched group study of surgical resection versus cobalt-60 plaque radiotherapy for primary choroidal or ciliary body melanoma.
Glaucoma secondary to epithelial downgrowth and 5-fluorouracil.
Use of a symblepharon ring for treatment of over-filtration and leaking blebs after glaucoma filtration surgery.
Hemihang-back recession: description of the technique and review of the literature.
Scleral buckle revision to treat recurrent rhegmatogenous retinal detachment.
Posterior horizontal and vertical tightening to treat combined punctal ectropion with medial canthal tendon laxity.
Learning curve for radial keratotomy.
Endophthalmitis after placement of a Molteno implant.
Role of communities in decision-making eye care programs.
Visual results and complications of transsclerally sutured intraocular lenses in penetrating keratoplasty.
Ocular trauma caused by exploding glass bottles containing dry ice and water.
Techniques of adjustable suture strabismus surgery.
Phacofragmentation of a hard lens nucleus in the posterior segment.
Severe anterior segment inflammation following corneal surgery for keratoconus.
A new ophthalmic microtrephine.
The viscous fluid pump.
The South Karelia Air Pollution Study. The effects of malodorous sulfur compounds from pulp mills on respiratory and other symptoms.
Sudden death associated with undiagnosed Graves' disease.
Parasympathetic nervous system activity in hypothyroidism determined by R-R interval variations on electrocardiogram.
The spondyloarthropathies in Zimbabwe: a clinical and immunogenetic profile.
Haemophilus influenzae: an important cause of maternal and neonatal infections.
The Glaucoma Laser Trial (GLT). 2. Results of argon laser trabeculoplasty versus topical medicines. The Glaucoma Laser Trial Research Group
The use of Molteno implant and anterior chamber tube shunt to encircling band for the treatment of glaucoma in keratoplasty patients.
Assessment of cataracts from photographs in the Beaver Dam Eye Study.
Botulinum treatment of childhood strabismus.
Nystagmus in Down's syndrome.
Posterior infectious crystalline keratopathy with Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Intraocular lens implantation after penetrating keratoplasty. Improved unaided visual acuity, astigmatism, and safety in patients with combined corneal disease and cataract.
Ocular rosacea. A histologic and immunopathologic study.
Rhabdomyosarcoma of the ciliary body.
Cystic adenoma of the pigmented ciliary epithelium. Clinical, pathologic, and immunohistopathologic findings.
Results of blepharoptosis surgery with early postoperative adjustment.
Orbital complications secondary to endoscopic sinus surgery.
Retained intraocular foreign bodies and endophthalmitis.
Long-term visual outcome in patients with optic nerve pit and serous retinal detachment of the macula
Visual prognosis correlated with the presence of internal-limiting membrane in histopathologic specimens obtained from epiretinal membrane surgery.
Semiconductor diode laser photocoagulation in retinal vascular disease.
The repair of rhegmatogenous retinal detachments. American Academy of Ophthalmology.
Neuroophthalmologic effects of intravenous magnesium sulfate.
The pretear characteristics of pigment epithelial detachments. A study of 40 eyes.
Retinal pigment epithelial tears through the fovea with preservation of good visual acuity.
Threshold perimetry in tilted disc syndrome.
Removal of radiation-induced cataracts in patients treated for retinoblastoma.
Pars plana vitrectomy for acute retinal detachment in penetrating ocular injuries.
Topical fibronectin and aprotinin for keratectomy wound healing in rabbits.
Inflammatory mediators in postoperative aphakic and pseudophakic baboon eyes.
A new ophthalmic electronic videoendoscope system for intraocular surgery.
The potential for mental status changes associated with systemic absorption of anticholinergic ophthalmic medications: concerns in the elderly.
Pathophysiologic effect of interleukin-1b in the rabbit retina.
Eyelid movements before and after botulinum therapy in patients with lid spasm.
Antihistone antibodies in antinuclear antibody-positive juvenile arthritis.
Basal cell carcinoma arising in pemphigus vulgaris of the lower eyelid.
Allergen dose response and late symptoms in a human model of ocular allergy.
Elevated serum concentrations of IgE antibodies to environmental antigens in HIV-seropositive male homosexuals.
Absence of retroviral sequences in Graves' disease.
Clinical and magnetic resonance imaging in optic neuritis.
Dysgeusia, gustatory sweating, and crocodile tears syndrome induced by a cerebellopontine angle meningioma.
Radiculomegaly of canines and congenital cataracts--a syndrome?
Scientific basis for medical therapy of cataracts by antioxidants.
A possible role for vitamins C and E in cataract prevention.
Epidemiologic evidence of a role for the antioxidant vitamins and carotenoids in cataract prevention.
Causes of failure after repeat vitreoretinal surgery for recurrent proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Prevalence of lattice degeneration and its relation to axial length in severe myopia.
Signs, complications, and platelet aggregation in familial exudative vitreoretinopathy.
Photic retinal injury from endoillumination during vitrectomy.
Light damage in detached retina.
Correlation between intraocular pressure control and progressive glaucomatous damage in primary open-angle glaucoma.
A new method for documenting lens opacities.
Surgical management of oculomotor nerve palsy
Causes of failure after initial vitreoretinal surgery for severe proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Epidemiologic characteristics, predisposing factors, and etiologic diagnosis of corneal ulceration in Nepal.
Herpes zoster ophthalmicus and iris cysts.
Blunt ocular trauma secondary to "war games".
Aphakic visual fields by automated perimetry.
Childhood blindness in Peru.
The predictability of infant visual-evoked response testing on future visual acuity.
Clear ultraviolet blocking lenses for use by PUVA patients.
Multidisciplinary treatment of primary orbital rhabdomyosarcoma. A single-institution experience.
Heterogeneity of autoantibodies against thyroid peroxidase in autoimmune thyroid disease: evidence against antibodies directly inhibiting peroxidase activity as regulatory factors in thyroid hormone metabolism.
Ulcerative colitis and giant cell arteritis associated with sensorineural deafness
The natural history of non-arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy.
Visual evoked potential monitoring of optic nerve function during surgery.
Sick building syndrome.
Orbital inflammatory disease associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Pharmacokinetics of ganciclovir in a patient undergoing hemodialysis.
Graves' disease. Current concepts.
The ophthalmopathy of Graves' disease.
Lower eyelid retraction: a minimal incision surgical approach to retractor lysis.
A method for performing full-thickness, orthotopic, penetrating keratoplasty in the mouse.
Glaucoma triple procedures: efficacy of intraocular pressure control and visual outcome.
Cyclocryotherapy in selected cases of congenital glaucoma.
Pressure-curve variations after trabeculectomy for chronic primary open-angle glaucoma.
Mycobacterium chelonei keratopathy with visual rehabilitation by a triple procedure.
Aminocaproic acid prophylaxis in traumatic hyphema.
Factors associated with delay in diagnosis of childhood amblyopia.
Differentiation of detached retina and vitreous membrane with color flow Doppler.
Pterygia: single-fraction postoperative beta irradiation.
Aspergillus terreus endophthalmitis in a patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The incidence of ulcerative keratitis among aphakic contact lens wearers in New England.
Limitation of retinal injury by vitreoperfusion initiated after onset of ischemia.
Acepromazine. Effects on intraocular pressure.
Exudative retinal detachment after photodynamic injury.
Conjunctival retraction suture for fornix adjustable strabismus surgery.
Multiple-dose, dose-response relationship for the topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitor MK-927.
Multiple-dose efficacy comparison of the two topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitors sezolamide and MK-927.
Endophthalmitis from contaminated donor corneas following penetrating keratoplasty.
Chronic postoperative endophthalmitis associated with Actinomyces species.
Penetrating ocular injury from contaminated eating utensils.
Systemic sulfonamides as a cause of bilateral, anterior uveitis.
The relationship of visual acuity, refractive error, and pupil size after radial keratotomy.
Clinically detectable nerve fiber atrophy precedes the onset of glaucomatous field loss.
Characteristics of oculomotor disorders of a family with Joseph's disease.
Radiation safety considerations for post-iodine-131 hyperthyroid therapy.
Treatment of exophthalmos.
Clinical features and natural history of von Hippel-Lindau disease
Vision despite tomographic absence of the occipital cortex.
Lyme disease: neurologic and ophthalmic manifestations.
Systemic drug interactions with topical glaucoma medications.
When do optic disc edema and peripheral neuropathy constitute poetry? [clinical conference]
Fifty years in ophthalmology.
Topical vancomycin for the treatment of Staphylococcus epidermidis and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus conjunctivitis.
When is it safe to stop patching?
Peripheral contrast sensitivity in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Precapsular film on the aging human lens: precursor of pseudoexfoliation?
Pathogenesis of corneal oedema associated with herpetic eye disease.
Randomised single blind trial to compare the toxicity of subconjunctival gentamicin and cefuroxime in cataract surgery.
Is thioridazine retinopathy progressive? Relationship of pigmentary changes to visual function.
Diode laser trabeculoplasty (DLT) for primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Infectious mononucleosis presenting as bilateral acute dacryocystitis.
Infestation of extraocular muscle by Cysticercus cellulosae.
A century of cerebral achromatopsia.
Ocular muscle proprioception and visual localization of targets in man.
Serum gastrin and blood glucose levels during halothane-nitrous oxide anaesthesia and strabismus surgery in children.
Antiemetic prophylaxis with promethazine or droperidol in paediatric outpatient strabismus surgery.
Oculo-bulbar myasthenic symptoms as the sole sign of tumour involving or compressing the brain stem.
Progressive inflammatory lesions of the brain parenchyma in localized scleroderma of the head.
Nasolacrimal obstruction after inferior meatus nasal antrostomy.
Traumatic retinal detachment.
Course of diabetic retinopathy following cataract surgery
Audit of an ophthalmology waiting list.
Anisocoria in unilateral ophthalmic disease.
Long-term efficacy of primary laser trabeculoplasty.
Pupil cycle time and early autonomic involvement in ocular leprosy.
Electrophysiology and colour perimetry in dominant infantile optic atrophy.
Decalcification of a choroidal osteoma.
Care of diabetic patients by optometrists in New York State.
The course of biochemical parameters of bone turnover during treatment with corticosteroids.
Mast cell numbers and staining characteristics in the normal and allergic human conjunctiva.
Acetazolamide-associated aplastic anaemia.
Epidermal nevus syndrome: a neurologic variant with hemimegalencephaly, gyral malformation, mental retardation, seizures, and facial hemihypertrophy.
Photoreceptor peripherin is the normal product of the gene responsible for retinal degeneration in the rds mouse.
A comparison of penetrating keratoplasty to epikeratoplasty in the surgical management of keratoconus.
Posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation in eyes with inactive and active proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Delayed-onset pseudophakic endophthalmitis.
Extracapsular cataract extraction with intraocular lens implantation after scleral buckling surgery.
Quantitative analysis of lens changes after vitrectomy by fluorophotometry.
Comparison of a 3- and 6-mm incision in combined phacoemulsification and trabeculectomy.
Visual recovery in patients with optic neuritis and visual loss to no light perception.
Reproducibility of topographic measurements of the normal and glaucomatous optic nerve head with the laser tomographic scanner.
Mucogenic secondary open-angle glaucoma in diffuse epithelial ingrowth treated by block-excision.
Giant cell arteritis. A case with unusual neurologic manifestations and a normal sedimentation rate.
Falls in elderly patients with glaucoma.
Loculated fluid. A previously undescribed fluorescein angiographic finding in choroidal neovascularization associated with macular degeneration. Macular Photocoagulation Study Reading Center.
Lipomatous hamartoma of the orbit.
The Lens Opacities Case-Control Study. Risk factors for cataract.
Low-dose aspirin and risks of cataract in a randomized trial of US physicians.
Exposure to phenothiazine drugs and risk of cataract.
Detection of herpesvirus DNA in vitreous and aqueous specimens by the polymerase chain reaction.
Effects of antiflammins on endotoxin-induced uveitis in rats.
Autogenous fascial grafts for exposed retinal buckles.
HIV infection is not associated with Reiter's syndrome: data from the Johns Hopkins Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study.
Retinopathy of prematurity in infants with cyanotic congenital heart disease.
Prevalence of angioid streaks and other ocular complications of Paget's disease of bone.
How large must an iridotomy be?
A longitudinal study of children with a family history of strabismus: factors determining the incidence of strabismus.
The association of Fuchs's corneal endothelial dystrophy with axial hypermetropia, shallow anterior chamber, and angle closure glaucoma.
Effect of a beta-blocker on altered body position: induced ocular hypertension.
A functional vagotomy induced by unilateral forced right nostril breathing decreases intraocular pressure in open and closed angle glaucoma.
Choroidal lesions in patients with AIDS.
A case of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis. II: The sterol content of a cataractous lens.
Injector for highly viscous silicone oil.
Anisometropic and strabismic amblyopia in the age group 2 years and above: a prospective study of the results of treatment.
Corneal sensitivity and correlations between decreased sensitivity and anterior segment pathology in ocular leprosy.
Influence of untreated chronic plastic iridocyclitis on intraocular pressure in leprosy patients.
Flecked retina associated with ring 17 chromosome.
Postural studies in pulsatile ocular blood flow: I. Ocular hypertension and normotension.
Postural studies in pulsatile ocular blood flow: II. Chronic open angle glaucoma.
Seroprevalence of antibodies to HTLV-I in patients with ocular disorders.
Prognostic significance of the pattern visual evoked potential in ocular hypertension.
Ocular defects in infants of extremely low birth weight and low gestational age.
Laser photocoagulation control of diabetic macular oedema without fluorescein angiography.
Isolation and characterization of a new human microsporidian, Encephalitozoon hellem (n. sp.), from three AIDS patients with keratoconjunctivitis.
Cocaine-induced iritis.
Increased serum beta 2-microglobulin concentrations in hyperthyroid states.
Epidemiology of ocular complications of childhood head trauma
Eye infections.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results. II. Assessment of the human lens after 48 weeks of treatment with lovastatin.
Memory-contingent saccades and the substantia nigra postulate for essential blepharospasm.
Islet cell antibodies in patients with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Location of port-wine stains and the likelihood of ophthalmic and/or central nervous system complications.
Direct evidence that ganglioside is an integral component of the thyrotropin receptor.
Profound papilledema due to cryptococcal meningitis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: successful treatment with fluconazole.
Acute oculogyric crisis after administration of prochlorperazine.
The management of retinal detachments associated with choroidal colobomas by vitreous surgery.
In vivo phosphorus 31 magnetic resonance spectroscopy of human uveal melanomas and other intraocular tumors.
Prevalence and association of asteroid hyalosis with systemic diseases.
Hereditary hemorrhagic macular dystrophy.
A simple transposition procedure for complicated strabismus.
Incidence of prominent corneal nerves in multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A.
Postoperative complications after Molteno implant surgery.
A comparison of total and partial tenonectomy with trabeculectomy.
Therapeutic ultrasound for the treatment of glaucoma [published erratum appears in Am J Ophthalmol 1991 Jul 15;112(1):105]
The epidemiologic association of Fuchs' heterochromic iridocyclitis and ocular toxoplasmosis.
Histopathologic evidence of fibrovascular ingrowth four weeks after placement of the hydroxyapatite orbital implant.
Stiff-man syndrome.
Periductal lymphocytic infiltration of salivary glands in Sjogren's syndrome with relation to clinical and immunologic findings.
A prospective study of acute central retinal artery obstruction. The incidence of secondary ocular neovascularization.
Orbital decompression in Graves' disease. The predictability of reduction of proptosis.
Enhanced ocular hypotensive response to epinephrine with prior dexamethasone treatment.
Quantitative descriptors of corneal topography. A clinical study.
Ocular manifestations of nephropathic cystinosis. The French-Canadian experience in a genetically homogeneous population.
A randomized clinical trial of scatter photocoagulation of proliferative sickle cell retinopathy.
Ocular injuries caused by elastic cords [published erratum appears in Arch Ophthalmol 1991 Jun;109(6):878]
Molteno implants and operating microscope-induced retinal phototoxicity. A clinicopathologic report.
Histologic features of human orbicularis oculi treated with botulinum A toxin.
Inhibition of intraocular fibrin formation following infusion of low-molecular-weight heparin during vitrectomy.
Is basal laminar deposit unique for age-related macular degeneration?
Surgical correction of lower-eyelid tarsal ectropion by reinsertion of the retractors.
Rheumatic symptoms and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The influence of clinical and laboratory variables in a longitudinal cohort study.
Concordant Graves' disease after bone marrow transplantation: implications for pathogenesis.
Optimal iodine-131 dose for eliminating hyperthyroidism in Graves' disease.
Clinical management of the complications of HIV infection.
Approaches to the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis: ganciclovir and foscarnet.
Concomitant ganciclovir and zidovudine treatment for cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with HIV infection: an approach to treatment.
Combined ganciclovir and recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in AIDS patients.
Diagnosis and treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis.
Separate neural mechanisms mediate sufentanil-induced pupillary responses in the cat.
Influence of lens opacities on visual field indices.
Retinal vasculitis as a complication of rheumatoid arthritis.
Comparative ophthalmologic studies on children and adults with craniopharyngiomas.
Lipid-containing eye drops: a step closer to natural tears.
Occurrence of uveal melanoma in contact with a chorioretinal cryocoagulation scar.
The c-fms gene complements the mitogenic defect in mast cells derived from mutant W mice but not mi (microphthalmia) mice.
Graves ophthalmopathy: role of MR imaging in radiation therapy.
Retinal vasculitis--a primer.
The combined use of apraclonidine and pilocarpine during laser iridotomy in a Hispanic population.
Unusual posterior retinal holes associated with high myopia in XYY syndrome.
Krypton laser-induced lens opacity as a complication of retinal photocoagulation.
Strabismus caused by melanoma metastatic to an extraocular muscle.
Idiopathic bilateral spontaneous hyphemas.
Rhegmatogenous retinal detachments in patients with AIDS and necrotizing retinal infections.
Risk factors for metastases in patients with retinoblastoma.
Anterior granulomatous uveitis in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Excimer laser ablative treatment of microbial keratitis.
Clinical features of atopic keratoconjunctivitis.
Infectious crystalline keratopathy. Role of nutritionally variant streptococci and other bacterial factors.
Lack of association between keratoconus, mitral valve prolapse, and joint hypermobility.
Postkeratoplasty astigmatism control. Single continuous suture adjustment versus selective interrupted suture removal [published erratum appears in Ophthalmology 1991 Jul;98(7):1005-7]
Specular microscopic observation of human corneal epithelial abnormalities.
Climatic droplet keratopathy with corneal amyloidosis.
A case-control study of risk factors for intraoperative suprachoroidal expulsive hemorrhage.
Modified Schocket implant for refractory glaucoma. Experience of 55 cases.
Internal and transconjunctival neodymium:YAG laser revision of late failing filters.
Nosocomial endophthalmitis survey. Current incidence of infection after intraocular surgery.
Strabismus presenting after cataract surgery.
Anisometropic amblyopia.
Transpalpebral decompression of endocrine ophthalmopathy (Graves' disease) by removal of intraorbital fat: experience with 147 operations over 5 years.
Foscarnet sodium.
Calcium metabolic indices, vascular retinopathy, and plasma renin activity in essential hypertension.
An experimental model of early central nervous system syphilis.
Atherosclerotic carotid disease and the eye.
Botulinum toxin therapy.
Neuro-ocular Lyme borreliosis.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Optic neuritis.
Ocular motor abnormalities from head trauma.
Advances in the analysis of corneal topography.
Visual loss with dancing extremities and mental disturbances.
A case for myopia.
Miotics and retinal detachment: upgrading the community standard.
Protective role of vitamin E in biological systems.
Epikeratoplasty with nonlyophilized tissue in children with aphakia.
Loss of contrast sensitivity in cystic fibrosis.
Scleritis and Wegener's granulomatosis in children.
Nuclear sclerotic cataract after vitrectomy for idiopathic epiretinal membranes causing macular pucker.
Ultrastructural study of Norrie's disease.
Relatively enhanced S cone function in the Goldmann-Favre syndrome.
Early-onset autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa with severe hyperopia.
Corneal ulcer and adverse reaction rates in premarket contact lens studies.
Role of cell-mediated immunity to staphylococci in blepharitis.
Initial glaucomatous optic disk and retinal nerve fiber layer abnormalities and their progression.
Intraocular pressure and the rate of visual field loss in chronic open-angle glaucoma.
Identification, prevention, and treatment of silicone oil pupillary block after an inferior iridectomy.
The effects of Nd:YAG laser iridotomy on the corneal endothelium.
Cellular events associated with inflammatory angiogenesis in the mouse cornea.
The Takagi Automatic Tangent Screen ATS-85 analyzer for the detection of glaucomatous patients.
Acyclovir in herpetic anterior uveitis.
Thirty-six month follow-up of a contemporary phakic intraocular lens for the surgical correction of myopia.
Brucella optic neuritis.
The endophthalmitis vitrectomy study [editorial]
Clinical use of the 193-nm excimer laser in the treatment of corneal scars
Visual losses after myopic epikeratoplasty.
Fulminant pseudomonal keratitis and scleritis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Prospective corneal topographic analysis in surgery for postkeratoplasty astigmatism.
Late-onset elevation in intraocular pressure after neodymium-YAG laser posterior capsulotomy.
Endocapsular hematoma. Description and treatment of a unique form of postoperative hemorrhage.
Impact of enucleation for choroidal melanoma on the performance of vision-dependent activities.
Doppler ultrasonography of malignant melanomas of the uvea.
Cutaneous malignant melanoma metastatic to the choroid.
Amelioration of light-induced retinal degeneration by a calcium overload blocker. Flunarizine.
Electron-microscopic identification of pseudoexfoliation material in extrabulbar tissue.
The ocular effects of gases when injected into the anterior chamber of rabbit eyes.
Symmetry of disciform scars in bilateral age-related macular degeneration.
Traumatic hyphaema: a retrospective study of 314 cases.
Penetrating keratoplasty for keratoconus: complications and long-term success.
Use of a central 10 degrees field and size V stimulus to evaluate and monitor small central islands of vision in end stage glaucoma.
Use of a blue filter in visual field analysis.
Eleven years' experience with retinopathy of prematurity: visual results and contribution of cryoablation.
Effect of partial cryoablation on retinopathy of prematurity.
Ocular manifestations of onchocerciasis in a rain forest area of west Africa.
Closure of leaking filtering blebs with cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive.
Hyperkalaemia induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
Endophthalmitis after removal of an encircling band.
Bilateral Norrie's disease in identical twins.
Pathological changes in levator palpebrae superioris muscle treated with botulinum toxin in a case of carotico-cavernous fistula.
Recurrent corneal oedema following late migration of intraocular glass.
Factors associated with binocular single vision in microtropia/monofixation syndrome.
Visual function after optic neuritis: a preliminary study.
Autosomal dominant megalocornea with congenital glaucoma: evidence for germ-line mosaicism.
Combined computed tomography and dacryocystography for complex lacrimal problems.
Retinal detachment as a complication of retrobulbar anesthesia.
Surgical treatment of overcorrection following radial keratotomy: evaluation of clinical effectiveness.
Early postoperative prognostic indicators following trabeculectomy.
Argon laser trabeculoplasty medical therapy to prevent the intraocular pressure rise associated with argon laser trabeculoplasty.
Surface-wrinkling maculopathy as a potential complication of trabeculectomy: a case report.
Infection following strabismus surgery.
Results of treatment of persistent hyperplastic primary vitreous.
Intravitreal suture: a complication of pterygium surgery.
Optic neuritis and orbital lesions: lipid-suppressed chemical shift MR imaging.
Identification and treatment of retinopathy of prematurity: an update and review.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis and pulmonary sarcoidosis. Report of a case.
Occupational asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis from inhalation of crystalline bovine serum albumin powder.
Analysis of the pivotal residues of the immunodominant and highly uveitogenic determinant of interphotoreceptor retinoid-binding protein.
Severe sepsis following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Calcium metabolism in acidotic patients induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitors: responses to citrate.
Five-year results of the first 159 consecutive phakic chronic open-angle glaucomas treated by argon laser trabeculoplasty.
Technical procedures and software for magnification-corrected morphometry of optic disk photography.
A family with acquired and inherited blue-yellow axis.
Role of posterior vitreous detachment in idiopathic macular holes.
Inactive subretinal neovascularization in age-related macular degeneration.
Idiopathic photoreceptor dysfunction causes unexplained visual acuity loss in later adulthood.
Rapidly progressive acute retinal necrosis secondary to herpes simplex virus, type 1.
Immunopathology of vitreous and retinochoroidal biopsy in posterior uveitis.
Purtscher's-like retinopathy after childbirth.
Color Doppler imaging in the management of intraocular tumors.
Enucleation after plaque radiotherapy for posterior uveal melanoma. Histopathologic findings.
The level of tryptase in human tears. An indicator of activation of conjunctival mast cells.
Role of staphylococcal toxin production in blepharitis.
Cogan's syndrome complicated by lacunar brain infarcts.
Ophthalmologic aspects of headache.
Specular microscopic observation of posterior corneal vesicles.
Corneal phaeohyphomycosis caused by Wangiella dermatitidis.
Intraocular tolerance to silicone oils of different specific gravities. An experimental study.
Double-blind study in the treatment of normal tension glaucoma with naftidrofuryl.
Disposable contact lenses.
A population-based study of ocular abnormalities in premature children aged 5 to 10 years.
Correlation of the blind spot size to the area of the optic disk and parapapillary atrophy.
Late recovery of function after oculomotor nerve palsy.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the cornea.
Varicella disciform stromal keratitis.
Visual field defects in diabetic patients with primary open-angle glaucoma.
Blood-cell velocity in the nailfold capillaries of patients with normal-tension and high-tension glaucoma.
Scleral buckling for rhegmatogenous retinal detachment associated with severe myopia.
Current practices in the management of ocular toxoplasmosis.
Recognition and removal of the posterior cortical vitreous during vitreoretinal surgery for impending macular hole.
Ocular findings in patients with autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa and rhodopsin, proline-347-leucine.
An eyelash nidus for dacryoliths of the lacrimal excretory and secretory systems.
Magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of uveal tumors.
Evidence for herpes simplex viral latency in the human cornea
Diagnosis and management of systemic Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with anterior ocular inflammatory disease.
The antineutrophil antibody in uveitis.
Distinguishing features of the iridocorneal endothelial syndrome and posterior polymorphous dystrophy: value of endothelial specular microscopy.
Changes in keratometry following trabeculectomy.
Prevalence of migraine in low-tension glaucoma and primary open-angle glaucoma in Japanese.
Influence of genotype on the natural history of untreated proliferative sickle retinopathy--an angiographic study.
Extraocular muscle surgery in myasthenia gravis.
Vitreon, a new perfluorocarbon.
Epibulbar choristoma and microphthalmia: a report of two cases.
Unsuspected uveal melanoma diagnosed after cataract extraction.
A clinicopathological study of seven globes enucleated after primary radiation therapy for malignant melanoma of the choroid or ciliary body.
The concept of corticosteroid cataractogenic factor revisited.
The "O" sign--clue to a lost lens.
Hexagonal keratotomy for intraocular lens miscalculation.
Unlike thyrotropin, thyroid-stimulating antibodies do not activate phospholipase C in human thyroid slices.
Acquired Brown's syndrome associated with hypogammaglobulinemia.
New light on uveitis in ankylosing spondylitis.
Incidence and characteristics of retinopathy of prematurity in a low-income inner-city population.
Surgical removal of massive subretinal hemorrhage associated with age-related macular degeneration.
Echographic characteristics of ocular toxocariasis.
Protein S deficiency and bilateral branch retinal artery occlusion.
Displacement of the optic nerve head by acute changes in intraocular pressure in monkey eyes.
Glaucoma-like discs with subsequent increased ocular pressures.
Visual acuity in infants after vitrectomy for severe retinopathy of prematurity [published erratum apppears in Ophthalmology 1991 Jul;98(7):1005]
Measurement of optic disc and neuroretinal rim areas in normal and glaucomatous eyes. A new clinical method.
Association between intraocular pressure peaks and progression of visual field loss.
Reliability of visual field results over repeated testing.
Transscleral leiomyoma.
Primary ocular malignant lymphoma associated with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Eyelid necrosis and periorbital necrotizing fasciitis. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Aminocaproic acid versus prednisone for the treatment of traumatic hyphema. A randomized clinical trial.
Clinical use of ultrasound biomicroscopy.
Diurnal variation of intraocular pressure of normal-tension glaucoma. Influence of sleep and arousal.
A comparison of treated and untreated glaucoma suspects.
MK-507 versus sezolamide. Comparative efficacy of two topically active carbonic anhydrase inhibitors.
5-Fluorouracil after trabeculectomy and the iridocorneal endothelial syndrome.
Mitomycin as adjunct chemotherapy with trabeculectomy.
Graft survival in four common groups of patients undergoing penetrating keratoplasty.
Extracellular deposition of eosinophil major basic protein in orbital histiocytosis X.
Clinical doxorubicin chemomyectomy. An experimental treatment for benign essential blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm.
Supraciliary hemangiopericytoma.
Survival of patients with metastases from uveal melanoma.
Management of intraretinal metallic foreign bodies without retinopexy in the absence of retinal detachment.
Variation in axial length and anatomical landmarks in strabismic patients [published erratum appears in Ophthalmology 1991 Jul;98(7):1005]
Comparison of fluconazole and amphotericin B for treatment of disseminated candidiasis and endophthalmitis in rabbits.
Preschool vision screening.
Socioeconomic status and visual impairment among urban Americans. Baltimore Eye Survey Research Group.
Vitreous surgery for idiopathic macular holes. Results of a pilot study
Nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy and intraocular pressure.
Stimulation of tear secretion and treatment of dry-eye disease with 3-isobutyl-1-methylxanthine.
Central serous chorioretinopathy and white subretinal exudation during pregnancy.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome. Clinical course, therapy, and long-term visual outcome.
Risk of cataract and history of severe diarrheal disease in southern India.
Photorefractive keratectomy to create toric ablations for correction of astigmatism.
Fibrin directs early retinal damage after experimental subretinal hemorrhage.
En bloc removal of inflammatory fibrocellular membranes from the iris surface in endophthalmitis.
Etretinate and AIDS-related Reiter's disease.
Prophylaxis of nasolacrimal duct obstruction after major sinus surgery using a silicone stent.
Frequency and clinical significance of Lyme seropositivity in patients with isolated optic neuritis.
Clinically inapparent meningitis complicating periorbital cellulitis.
Leber's idiopathic stellate neuroretinitis.
Keratoconjunctivitis due to adenovirus type 8: report on a large outbreak.
Isolated anterior uveitis in a child with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Metastatic endophthalmitis: a reappraisal.
Minimizing the systemic effects of glaucoma medications.
Ophthalmomyiasis caused by the reindeer warble fly larva.
Expression of MHC class II antigens by conjunctival epithelial cells in trachoma: implications concerning the pathogenesis of blinding disease.
Retinal migraine, chorea, and retinal artery thrombosis in a patient with primary antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
Standardized data collection and coding in eye disease epidemiology: the Uveal Melanoma Data System.
Combined relaxing incisions and epikeratophakia for the correction of aphakia and high postkeratoplasty degree astigmatism.
Tears of the retinal pigment epithelium: occurrence in association with choroidal effusion.
The effect of sodium hyaluronate on the outcome of trabeculectomy.
Crescentic resection for the treatment of pellucid corneal marginal degeneration.
Comparison between the effect of two different widths of circular lamellar keratectomy on refraction and corneal curvature in rabbits' eyes.
Goniotomy technique for removal of anterior chamber intraocular lenses.
Pigmented pupillary pseudomembranes as a complication of argon laser iridotomy.
Donor scleral graft patching for persistent filtration bleb leak.
Effects of pulsed Nd:YAG laser on the surface of rabbit retina.
The partial dissection trabeculectomy.
Role of a regional register for familial adenomatous polyposis: experience in the northern region.
Dye laser photocoagulation through experimentally induced retinal hemorrhage.
Nutritional and household risk factors for xerophthalmia in Aceh, Indonesia: a case-control study. The Aceh Study Group.
Brain and ocular abnormalities in infants with in utero exposure to cocaine and other street drugs.
Topical amethocaine in strabismus surgery.
Excimer laser treatment of corneal surface pathology: a laboratory and clinical study.
Glaucoma in Hansen's disease.
Chronic anterior uveitis in leprosy: an insidious cause of blindness.
Visual assessment of infants: vernier targets for the Catford drum.
Does the pilocarpine phenylephrine provocative test help in the management of acute and subacute angle closure glaucoma?
Medical canthal resection: an effective long-term cure for medial ectropion.
Acute retinal necrosis syndrome.
Capillary haemangiomas: an approach to their management.
Normalisation of refractive error after steroid injection for adnexal haemangiomas.
Extracapsular cataract extraction with posterior chamber lens implantation in Fuch's heterochromic cyclitis.
Clearance of corneal crystals in nephropathic cystinosis by topical cysteamine 0.5%.
Respiratory outcome in extremely premature infants following ketamine anaesthesia.
Intraocular pressure in anaesthetized dogs given flumazenil with and without prior administration of midazolam.
Foscarnet therapy for ganciclovir-resistant cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with AIDS.
A technique for retinal pigment epithelium transplantation for age-related macular degeneration secondary to extensive subfoveal scarring.
Subconjunctival 5-fluorouracil and herpes simplex keratitis.
Errors in IOL power calculations for axial high myopia.
The use of releasable sutures in Molteno glaucoma implant procedures to reduce postoperative hypotony.
Excision of limbal dermoids.
Surgical treatment of thyroid-related lid retraction: a new variation.
Surgical treatment for a case of postoperative Pseudallescheria boydii endophthalmitis.
Diagnosis and management of the acute retinal necrosis (ARN) syndrome.
The peroxisome and the eye.
Immunosuppressive drugs in immune and inflammatory ocular disease [published erratum appears in Surv Ophthalmol 1991 May-Jun;35(6):475]
Acute multifocal inner retinitis.
Unilateral frosted branch angiitis.
Conjunctival necrosis after administration of topical fortified aminoglycosides.
The effect of topical antiglaucoma drugs on the results of high-pass resolution perimetry.
Pseudophakic pupillary-block glaucoma in children.
The effect of allograft rejection after penetrating keratoplasty on central endothelial cell density.
Chronic reversal of hemifield loss after intraocular pressure lowering in advanced glaucoma.
Pathogenesis of retinal dystrophy in the Royal College of Surgeons rat.
Acute dacryocystic retention cured by inferior turbinate infracturing.
Acute health effects in a community after a release of hydrofluoric acid.
Congenital hypertrichosis lanuginosa and congenital glaucoma.
Efficiency of referral for suspected glaucoma
High incidence of multinodular toxic goitre in the elderly population in a low iodine intake area vs. high incidence of Graves' disease in the young in a high iodine intake area: comparative surveys of thyrotoxicosis epidemiology in East-Jutland Denmark and Iceland.
Endophthalmitis caused by non-albicans species of Candida.
Facial dystonia, essential blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm.
A genetic study of idiopathic focal dystonias.
Retinal detachments in patients with cytomegalovirus retinitis.
Long-term visual function in acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy.
Foveal avascular zone diameter and sickle cell disease.
Computer-assisted videokeratography of corneal topography after radial keratotomy.
Echographic diagnosis of anterior hyaloidal fibrovascular proliferation.
Brown tumor and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Orbital and eyelid involvement with Erdheim-Chester disease. A report of two cases.
Outflow facility and its response to pilocarpine decline in aging rhesus monkeys.
Causes of blindness and visual handicap in the Central African Republic.
Identifying anterior segment crystals.
Dominant cone dystrophy starting with blue cone involvement.
Use of orbital floor steroids in the management of patients with uniocular non-necrotising scleritis.
Use of cyclosporin in the management of steroid dependent non-necrotising scleritis.
Conjunctival cysts in anophthalmic orbits.
Lid lengthening by sclera interposition for eyelid retraction in Graves' ophthalmopathy.
Yellow mercuric oxide: a treatment of choice for phthiriasis palpebrarum.
Fuchs's heterochromic cyclitis in congenital ocular toxoplasmosis.
Vitrectomy, argon laser, and gas tamponade for serous retinal detachment associated with an optic disc pit: a case report.
Immunohistochemical study of thyroid peroxidase in normal, hyperplastic, and neoplastic human thyroid tissues.
Pretreatment with betamethasone of patients with Graves' disease given radioiodine therapy: thyroid autoantibody responses and outcome of therapy.
Neuro-ophthalmologic signs of AIDS: 50 patients.
Conjugate eye deviation: side, site, and size of the hemispheric lesion.
Comparison of the effects of two viscoelastic agents, Healon and Viscoat, on postoperative intraocular pressure after penetrating keratoplasty
Results from 7-mm bilateral recessions of the medial rectus muscles for congenital esotropia.
Intraocular gas injection in the treatment of cornea-lens touch and choroidal effusion following fistulizing surgery.
Iontophoresis for eyelid anesthesia.
Scleral fixation suture for dislocated posterior chamber intraocular lens.
Retinal detachment adherent to posterior chamber IOL after Molteno implant surgery.
Alternating sequential intracarotid BCNU and cisplatin in recurrent malignant glioma.
The long-term course of Lyme arthritis in children.
Astigmatism after small incision cataract surgery. A prospective, randomized, multicenter comparison of 4- and 6.5-mm incisions
Epikeratoplasty for keratoglobus associated with blue sclera.
Magnetic resonance imaging of choroidal melanoma with and without gadolinium contrast enhancement.
Progression of scleral disease.
Immunopathology of scleritis.
Ocular inflammation in Crohn's disease.
Automated pupil perimetry. Pupil field mapping in patients and normal subjects.
Acute idiopathic blind spot enlargement. A spectrum of disease.
Use of bioerodible polymers impregnated with mitomycin in glaucoma filtration surgery in rabbits.
Use of botulinum toxin in strabismus after retinal detachment surgery.
Retrobulbar bupivacaine irrigation for postoperative pain after scleral buckling surgery. A prospective study.
Inadvertent globe perforation during retrobulbar and peribulbar anesthesia. Patient characteristics, surgical management, and visual outcome.
Central retinal and posterior ciliary artery occlusion after particle embolization of the external carotid artery system.
Effect of contact lens biomicroscopy on the clarity of fluorescein angiography.
Primary orbital intraosseous hemangioma.
A molecular defect causing fish eye disease: an amino acid exchange in lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) leads to the selective loss of alpha-LCAT activity.
Klebsiella pneumoniae urinary tract infection complicated by endophthalmitis, perinephric abscess, and ecthyma gangrenosum.
Cardiac conduction manifestations of Reiter's syndrome.
Further evaluation of collagen shields as a delivery system for 5-fluorouracil: histopathological observations.
Treatment of blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm with botulinum A toxin: a Canadian multicentre study.
Four-snip procedure for involutional lower lid entropion: modification of Quickert and Jones procedures.
Efficacy of polyacrylamide vs. sodium hyaluronate in cataract surgery.
Occult pontine glioma in a patient with hemifacial spasm.
Unusually severe traumatic uveitis associated with occult ankylosing spondylitis.
Subretinal neovascularization in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Neurophysiological observations on the effects of botulinum toxin treatment in patients with dystonic blepharospasm.
Racial variations in the prevalence of primary open-angle glaucoma. The Baltimore Eye Survey
Phacoemulsification combined with pars plana vitrectomy.
Determination of maximal incision length for true small-incision surgery.
Early visual rehabilitation following keratoplasty using a single continuous adjustable suture technique.
Surgical management of corneal perforation with expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (Gore-Tex).
Cystoid macular edema secondary to juxtafoveolar telangiectasis in Coats' disease.
Long-term placement of silastic nasolacrimal tubes.
Canalicular stenosis following probing for congenital nasolacrimal duct obstruction.
Rare choroidal tumour simulating a malignant melanoma.
Choroidal thickness in primary glaucoma.
Combined cytochemical detection of Muller-cell-specific enzyme activity and permeability tracers.
Basal ganglia mass lesions in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
A survey of color discrimination in German ophthalmologists. Changes associated with the use of lasers and operating microscopes
Laser photocoagulation for stage 3+ retinopathy of prematurity.
A randomized clinical trial of feeder vessel photocoagulation of sickle cell retinopathy. A long-term follow-up.
Cilioretinal artery occlusion in young adults with central retinal vein occlusion.
No excess prior cancer in patients with uveal melanoma.
Cataract extraction after brachytherapy for malignant melanoma of the choroid.
Effect of succinylcholine on the intraocular contents of open globes.
Role of external bacterial flora in the pathogenesis of acute postoperative endophthalmitis.
Long-term outcome after corneal transplantation. Visual result and patient perception of success.
Autosomal dominant crystalline dystrophy.
Transient corneal opacification induced by cold in Raynaud's disease.
Glaucoma after pediatric lensectomy/vitrectomy.
Correlation of the optic disc size to glaucoma susceptibility.
Increased preferential optic disc asymmetry in ocular hypertensive patients compared with control subjects.
Associated neurologic and ophthalmologic findings in congenital oculomotor nerve palsy.
An improved palpebral spring for the management of paralytic lagophthalmos.
Idiopathic sclerochoroidal calcification.
Grading diabetic retinopathy from stereoscopic color fundus photographs--an extension of the modified Airlie House classification. ETDRS report number 10. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Classification of diabetic retinopathy from fluorescein angiograms. ETDRS report number 11. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Fundus photographic risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy. ETDRS report number 12. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Natural course of Graves' disease after subtotal thyroidectomy and management of patients with postoperative thyroid dysfunction.
Corneal microsporidiosis in a patient with AIDS.
Sympathetic ophthalmia associated with anterior chamber intraocular lens implantation.
A case of progressive cone dystrophy with marked asymmetry in the fundus.
Punctate inner choroidopathy and its differential diagnosis.
Microwave cyclodestruction for glaucoma in a rabbit model.
Abnormal scleral collagen in nanophthalmos. An ultrastructural study.
Intraocular gentamicin toxicity [letter]
Aminoglycoside toxicity--a survey of retinal specialists. Implications for ocular use.
Perforating (through-and-through) injuries of the globe. Surgical results with vitrectomy.
Improved visualization of macular hole lesions with laser biomicroscopy.
Vitreous photography with a +90-diopter double aspheric preset lens vs the El Bayadi-Kajiura preset lens.
Cellular and humoral anticorneal immune response in corneal transplantation.
Immunohistochemistry of the inflammatory response in Propionibacterium acnes endophthalmitis.
Hereditary lymphedema and distichiasis.
Primary rhabdomyosarcoma of the iris.
Immunohistochemistry of Terrien's and Mooren's corneal degeneration.
Prevalence of lens opacities in surgical and general populations.
Effect of massive dose vitamin A on morbidity and mortality in Indian children
Recognition of motion-defined shapes in patients with multiple sclerosis and optic neuritis.
Increment-threshold spectral sensitivity in blindsight. Evidence for colour opponency.
Scopolamine patch reduces postoperative emesis in paediatric patients following strabismus surgery.
New device for CT-targeted percutaneous punctures.
In vitro unresponsiveness to autologous sequences of the immunopathogenic autoantigen, S-antigen.
Eyelid gold weights in the management of facial palsy.
Estrogen and estrogen receptors in thyroid carcinomas.
The effect of glaucoma filtering surgery on corneal endothelial cell density.
A prospective evaluation of anterior retinal cryoablation in neovascular glaucoma.
Pseudophakic malignant glaucoma in a child.
Nd:YAG cyclophotocoagulation: outcome of treatment for uncontrolled glaucoma.
Maintaining nearly physiologic intraocular pressure levels prior to tying the sutures during cataract surgery reduces surgically-induced astigmatism.
Magnetic resonance imaging of intraocular tamponades.
Glaucoma filtration surgery: new horizontal mattress closure of conjunctival incision.
Response of argon laser trabeculoplasty with varying anterior chamber anatomy.
Microangiopathy of the brain, retina, and ear: improvement without immunosuppressive therapy.
Ultrastructural pathology of the 'barrier sites' in experimental autoimmune uveitis and experimental autoimmune pinealitis.
Review of fluorescein angiograms performed in one year.
North Carolina's dominant progressive foveal dystrophy: how progressive is it?
Emmetropisation, squint, and reduced visual acuity after treatment.
Comparison of retrobulbar and periocular injections of lignocaine by computerised tomography.
Childhood blindness in the Republic of Ireland: a national survey.
Intraocular coenurosis: a case report.
Welding arc maculopathy and fluphenazine.
Bilateral retinal artery occlusion due to mitral valve prolapse.
Solitary extramedullary plasmacytoma of the maxillary antrum and orbit presenting as acute bacterial orbital cellulitis.
Late onset endophthalmitis associated with intraocular lens: a case of molecularly proved S. epidermidis aetiology.
Ptosis caused by pachydermoperiostosis.
Immunohistochemical evaluation of uveal melanocytic tumors. Expression of HMB-45, S-100 protein, and neuron-specific enolase.
The eyes of child abuse victims: autopsy findings.
Antinuclear antibody profile in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Skeletal integrity in premenopausal and postmenopausal women receiving long-term L-thyroxine therapy
Effects of atracurium and pancuronium on the oculocardiac reflex in children.
Effect of propofol on the incidence of postoperative vomiting after strabismus surgery in pediatric outpatients.
Effectiveness of an acaricide in management of house dust mite allergy.
Current concepts in ocular allergy.
The pseudotumor syndrome. Disorders of cerebrospinal fluid circulation causing intracranial hypertension without ventriculomegaly.
The origin of pain in optic neuritis. Determinants of pain in 101 eyes with optic neuritis.
Comparison of the Finapres and direct arterial pressure monitoring during profound hypotensive anaesthesia.
Effect of P6 acupressure on postoperative vomiting in children undergoing outpatient strabismus correction.
Thyroid diseases after treatment of Hodgkin's disease.
Rhodopsin mutations in autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa.
Stop codon in the procollagen II gene (COL2A1) in a family with the Stickler syndrome (arthro-ophthalmopathy).
Medical defense against blistering chemical warfare agents.
Punctal occlusion and blepharoplasty in patients with dry eye syndrome.
Use of corticosteroids in combination with antimicrobial drugs in the treatment of infectious corneal disease
Implantation of Kelman-style, open-loop anterior chamber lenses during keratoplasty for aphakic and pseudophakic bullous keratopathy. A comparison with iris-sutured posterior chamber lenses.
Visual and refractive results of multifocal intraocular lenses.
Management of dislocated posterior chamber intraocular lenses.
National outcomes of cataract extraction. I. Retinal detachment after inpatient surgery.
Visual results after early surgical treatment of unilateral congenital cataracts.
Incomitant dissociated vertical deviation and superior oblique overaction.
Dracunculiasis of the orbit and eyelid. Light and electron microscopic observations of two cases.
Hemangiopericytoma of the lacrimal sac.
Tissue eosinophilia and eosinophil degranulation in orbital pseudotumor.
Treatment of retinal detachments in patients with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Triple agent immunosuppression in serpiginous choroiditis.
Histopathology of incipient fundus flavimaculatus.
Delayed rod dark adaptation in patients with Stargardt's disease.
Choroidal detachment associated with malignant choroidal tumors.
Partial lamellar sclerouvectomy for ciliary body and choroidal tumors.
Impact of local tumor relapse on patient survival after cobalt 60 plaque radiotherapy.
Varicella-zoster virus retinitis in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Antibody indications of secondary and superimposed retinal hypersensitivity in retinitis pigmentosa.
Randomized, double-masked study of cyclosporine compared to prednisolone in the treatment of endogenous uveitis.
Analysis of local antibody production in the vitreous humor of patients with severe uveitis.
Clinical patterns and associated conditions in chronic uveitis.
An updated classification of retinal detachment with proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Disk drusen and angioid streaks in pseudoxanthoma elasticum.
Regional and long-term variability of fundus measurements made with computer-image analysis.
Treatment of pseudotumor cerebri by primary and secondary optic nerve sheath decompression.
The effect of topical administration of indomethacin on symptoms in corneal scars and edema.
Fitting of aspheric high gas-permeable rigid contact lenses to scarred corneas.
Emergence airway complications in children: a comparison of tracheal extubation in awake and deeply anesthetized patients.
Endogenous Candida endophthalmitis after intravenous anesthesia with propofol.
National outcomes of cataract extraction. Endophthalmitis following inpatient surgery.
Relationship between intraocular pressure and primary open angle glaucoma among white and black Americans. The Baltimore Eye Survey.
Exercise training reduces intraocular pressure among subjects suspected of having glaucoma.
Mizuo phenomenon in X-linked retinoschisis. Pathogenesis of the Mizuo phenomenon.
Argon laser photocoagulation for neovascular maculopathy. Five-year results from randomized clinical trials. Macular Photocoagulation Study Group.
Corneal choristoma with microphthalmos.
Retinal artery obstruction and atheromas associated with non-Hodgkin's large cell lymphoma (reticulum cell sarcoma).
Characterization of infectious crystalline keratitis caused by a human isolate of Streptococcus mitis.
Autoantigen recognition by thyroid-infiltrating T cells in Graves disease.
Relative predispositional effects (RPEs) of marker alleles with disease: HLA-DR alleles and Graves disease.
Williams syndrome: masseter spasm during anaesthesia.
Septic metastatic lesions of pyogenic liver abscess. Their association with Klebsiella pneumoniae bacteremia in diabetic patients.
Angle closure glaucoma precipitated by aerosolized atropine.
Factors associated with poor visual outcome in acute retinal necrosis.
Surgical management of retinal detachment associated with the acute retinal necrosis syndrome.
Pulsatile ocular blood flow in patients with low tension glaucoma.
Complete infarction of the eye complicating a choroidal malignant melanoma.
Comparison of the effects of intraocular irrigating solutions on the corneal endothelium in intraocular lens implantation.
Ocutome lensectomy: results and complications.
Surgical management of essential blepharospasm.
Regression analysis of visual field progression in low tension glaucoma.
Nd-YAG laser hyaloidotomy for malignant glaucoma following one-piece 7 mm intraocular lens implantation.
Perforation of the globe--a complication of peribulbar anaesthesia.
Eyelid leishmaniasis in a patient with neurogenic ptosis.
Preserved action of a rectus muscle after transection by an encircling solid silicone band.
Rhinocerebral mucormycosis: use of liposomal amphotericin B.
Decreasing severity of chronic uveitis in children with pauciarticular arthritis.
Narrow-angle glaucoma presenting as acute, painless visual impairment.
Different types of skew deviation.
Ocular cicatricial pemphigoid occurring as a sequela of Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
An outbreak of herpes gladiatorum at a high-school wrestling camp.
Is colour vision possible with only rods and blue-sensitive cones?
Laser trabeculoplasty.
Scleral implants: an historical perspective.
The perils of Pauline: visual loss in a tippler [clinical conference]
Fenestrated sheen macular dystrophy.
A multicenter study of Pneumocystis choroidopathy.
Detection of antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi in patients with uveitis.
Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical features of coronal adenomas.
Identifying progression of subclinical keratoconus by serial topography analysis.
Ocular infections associated with Comamonas acidovorans.
Diode laser compared with argon laser for trabeculoplasty.
Evaluation of once-daily levobunolol 0.25% and timolol 0.25% therapy for increased intraocular pressure.
Diurnal intraocular pressure after successful primary laser trabeculoplasty.
Cytopathologic diagnosis of benign lesions simulating choroidal melanomas.
Intrathecal antibody production against viruses of the herpesvirus family in acute retinal necrosis syndrome.
Symptomatic retinoschisis-detachment involving the macula.
Full-field electroretinograms in patients with the carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome.
Repair of retinal detachment caused by cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Cytomegalovirus retinopathy as the initial manifestation of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Decrease in the risk of bilateral acute retinal necrosis by acyclovir therapy.
B-scan ultrasonography of eyes containing intravitreal gas.
Lens capsule and epithelium in age-related cataract.
Conjunctival impression cytology in patients with glaucoma using long-term topical medication.
A clinical trial of metipranolol, a noncardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist, in ocular hypertension.
Isolating the effects of primary open-angle glaucoma on the contrast sensitivity function.
Anterior uveitis and hypopyon.
Infectious crystalline keratopathy caused by Candida albicans.
The effect of corneal hypesthesia on the duration of proparacaine anesthetic eyedrops.
Conjunctival ophthalmomyiasis caused by the sheep nasal botfly (Oestrus ovis).
Contact lenses and other risk factors in microbial keratitis.
Orbital lesions with granulomatous inflammation.
Ocular pharmacokinetics of subconjunctivally administered cyclosporine in the rabbit.
Corneal transplantation in infants, children and young adults: experience of the Toronto Hospital for Sick Children, 1979-88.
Management of suspected ocular laceration or rupture.
Incontinentia pigmenti (Bloch-Sulzberger syndrome): a case report and review of the ocular pathological features.
Bilateral episodic mydriasis as a migraine equivalent in childhood: a case report.
Shortlasting, unilateral, neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection, tearing, and subclinical forehead sweating ("Sunct" syndrome): II. Changes in heart rate and arterial blood pressure during pain paroxysms.
Detection, cellular localization, and modulation of heat shock proteins in cultured fibroblasts from patients with extrathyroidal manifestations of Graves' disease.
Thyroperoxidase, but not the thyrotropin receptor, contains sequential epitopes recognized by autoantibodies in recombinant peptides expressed in the pUEX vector.
Effect of cyclo(Leu-Gly) on cyclic GMP-phosphodiesterase activity changes associated with development of tolerance to morphine-induced antinociception, catalepsy, respiratory depression and mydriasis.
Corneal topography as a predictor of refractive change in the prospective evaluation of radial keratotomy (PERK) study.
Extracapsular cataract extraction and posterior chamber lens implantation in controlled open-angle glaucoma.
Dacryocystorhinostomy in osteopetrosis.
Multilevel full-thickness eyelid resection for the correction of severe acquired ptosis in the poorly functioning eyelid.
Simplified limbal incision for extraocular rectus muscle surgery.
Isolated fractures of the orbital floor: risk of infection and the role of antibiotic prophylaxis.
Infectious crystalline keratopathy occurring in an eye subsequent to glaucoma filtering surgery with postoperative subconjunctival 5-fluorouracil.
Total pupillary capture with a foldable silicone intraocular lens.
Perforating ocular injuries caused by anesthesia personnel.
Needle penetration of the globe during retrobulbar and peribulbar injections.
Optimal astigmatism to enhance depth of focus after cataract surgery.
Initial 5-fluorouracil trabeculectomy in uncomplicated glaucoma.
Molteno implantation for glaucoma in young patients.
Use of trabeculectomy with postoperative 5-fluorouracil in patients requiring extremely low intraocular pressure levels to limit further glaucoma progression.
Late bleb-related endophthalmitis after trabeculectomy with adjunctive 5-fluorouracil.
Long-term efficacy of repeat argon laser trabeculoplasty.
Effect of cataract on automated perimetry.
The nonapproved use of medications.
Additive effect of 1% apraclonidine hydrochloride to nonselective beta-blockers.
Additivity of prostaglandin F2 alpha-1-isopropyl ester to timolol in glaucoma patients.
Apraclonidine prophylaxis for postcycloplegic intraocular pressure spikes.
Intraocular pressure-dependent retinal vascular change in adult chronic open-angle glaucoma patients.
Management of late-onset angle-closure glaucoma associated with retinopathy of prematurity.
Evaluation of eyes with advanced stages of retinopathy of prematurity using standardized echography.
Management of advanced retinopathy of prematurity in the older patient.
Vitrectomy for premacular fibroplasia. Prognostic factors, long-term follow-up, and time course of visual improvement.
Pneumatic retinopexy. A two-year follow-up study of the multicenter clinical trial comparing pneumatic retinopexy with scleral buckling.
Vitreoretinal traction and perimacular retinal folds in the eyes of deliberately traumatized children.
The Wisconsin age-related maculopathy grading system.
Kinetic ultrasound evaluation of the posterior vitreoretinal interface.
Haemophilus influenzae causing conjunctivitis in day-care children.
Postblepharoplasty ectropion. Prevention and management.
Suppression of cytomegalovirus retinitis in persons with AIDS with high-dose intravenous acyclovir.
Successful foscarnet therapy for cytomegalovirus retinitis in an AIDS patient undergoing hemodialysis: rationale for empiric dosing and plasma level monitoring.
Square wave jerks in parkinsonian syndromes.
Relapsing polychondritis and Reiter's syndrome.
Long-term results after lateral cranial base surgery.
Modified levator aponeurosis recession for upper eyelid retraction in Graves' disease.
Surgical treatment of eyelid retraction associated with thyroid eye disease.
The Glaucoma Laser Trial: 4. Contralateral effects of timolol on the intraocular pressure of eyes treated with ALT. GLT Research Group.
Epithelial downgrowth following the removal of iris inclusion cysts.
The effects of glaucoma medications on Tenon's capsule and conjunctiva in the rabbit.
Intraepithelial sebaceous epithelioma of lids, conjunctiva, and cornea treated with minimal orbital exenteration.
The effect of dexamethasone on the inhibition of pseudophakic bacterial endophthalmitis.
Reattachment of the detached ciliary body with suturing for treatment of contusional ocular hypotension.
Ocular motor abnormalities in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Uhthoff's symptom in optic neuritis: relationship to magnetic resonance imaging and development of multiple sclerosis.
Impaired critical flicker frequency in recovered optic neuritis.
Complications of tissue plasminogen activator therapy after vitrectomy for diabetes.
Evaluation of combined systemic aspirin and cromolyn sodium in intractable vernal catarrh.
Experimental Pseudomonas aeruginosa keratitis from extended wear of soft contact lenses.
Use of a carbon dioxide laser for lesions extending into the lashes.
Cytochrome c oxidase deficiency with acute onset and rapid recovery.
Solitary orbital involvement with juvenile xanthogranuloma.
Brazilian purpuric fever--Mato Grosso, Brazil.
Optic nerve head swelling and optic atrophy in the systemic mucopolysaccharidoses.
Uveal melanoma: development of metastases after helium ion irradiation.
Prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the Diourbel, Fatick, and Kaolack regions of Senegal: feasibility of the method of impression cytology with transfer.
Prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the Diourbel, Fatick, and Kaolack regions of Senegal: epidemiological study.
Characterization of a new, potent, immunopathogenic epitope in S-antigen that elicits T cells expressing V beta 8 and V alpha 2-like genes.
A frameshift mutation in the human apolipoprotein A-I gene causes high density lipoprotein deficiency, partial lecithin: cholesterol-acyltransferase deficiency, and corneal opacities.
Early gold weight eyelid implantation for facial paralysis.
Erythrocyte carbonic anhydrase-I concentrations in patients with Graves' disease and subacute thyroiditis reflect integrated thyroid hormone levels over the previous few months.
Accumulation of Th-2-like helper T cells in the conjunctiva of patients with vernal conjunctivitis.
Tissue plasminogen activator treatment of experimental subretinal hemorrhage.
Intraocular tissue plasminogen activator in a rabbit model of traumatic hyphema.
Inhibition of Pseudomonas aeruginosa elastase and Pseudomonas keratitis using a thiol-based peptide.
Administration of thyroxine in treated Graves' disease. Effects on the level of antibodies to thyroid-stimulating hormone receptors and on the risk of recurrence of hyperthyroidism
Cerebral ischemic events associated with endocarditis, retinal vascular disease, and lupus anticoagulant.
Resolution of microsporidial epithelial keratopathy in a patient with AIDS.
Late-infantile type galactosialidosis. Histopathology of the retina and optic nerve.
Transfer from ophthalmology to another service is a marker of high risk medical events.
Periorbital hematoma secondary to sinusitis in a child.
Juvenile xanthogranuloma of the corneoscleral limbus.
Thyrotropin receptor autoantibodies induce human thyroid cell growth and c-fos activation.
Stimulation of glycosaminoglycan accumulation by interferon gamma in cultured human retroocular fibroblasts.
Retinal manifestations of neurofibromatosis. Diagnosis and management.
Retinal toxicity of human tissue plasminogen activator in vitrectomized rabbit eyes.
Synovial T lymphocyte-specific immune response to Chlamydia trachomatis in Reiter's disease.
Effects of recombinant human interleukin-2 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha with or without interferon-gamma on human thyroid tissues from patients with Graves' disease and from normal subjects xenografted into nude mice.
Double-blind trial of pentigetide ophthalmic solution, 0.5%, compared with cromolyn sodium, 4%, ophthalmic solution for allergic conjunctivitis.
Endoscopic surgery for lacrimal obstruction.
CT evaluation of the paranasal sinuses in symptomatic and asymptomatic populations.
Evidence of limited variability of antigen receptors on intrathyroidal T cells in autoimmune thyroid disease
Antiretinal antibodies in serum of patients with age-related macular degeneration.
Increased induction of HLA-DR by interferon-gamma in cultured fibroblasts derived from patients with Graves' ophthalmopathy and pretibial dermopathy.
Plasma free triiodothyronine response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone to predict the remission of Graves' disease treated with antithyroid drugs.
Role of glycation in modification of lens crystallins in diabetic and nondiabetic senile cataracts.
Blindness resulting from orbital complications of sinusitis.
High levels of serum soluble interleukin-2 receptors in hyperthyroid patients: correlation with serum thyroid hormones and independence from the etiology of the hyperthyroidism.
Functional and structural alterations of the glomerular permeability barrier in experimental galactosemia.
Cerebral perfusion during canine hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass: effect of arterial carbon dioxide tension
