Increased negative inotropic effect of calcium-channel blockers in hypertrophied and failing rabbit heart.
Altered inotropic responses in diabetic cardiomyopathy and hypertensive-diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Headaches due to cerebrovascular disease.
Concomitant medical disease and headache.
Diagnosis and treatment of headache in the elderly.
Emergency treatment of headache.
Intra-ocular pressure variations during extracorporeal circulation and some influencing factors.
Cognitive development of children following early repair of transposition of the great arteries using deep hypothermic circulatory arrest.
Progressive congestive heart failure. Ways to approach office management.
Severe congestive heart failure. How successful are drug and transplant therapies?
Valvular heart disease. A correctable cause of congestive heart failure.
Chronic posttraumatic aortic pseudoaneurysm. Recognition before rupture.
Nonprescription drugs and hypertension. Which ones affect blood pressure?
Volume tests for chronic venous insufficiency: an appraisal.
Fifteen-year results of ambulatory compression therapy for chronic venous ulcers.
Acute lower limb ischemia: failure of anticoagulant treatment to improve one-month results of arterial thromboembolectomy. A prospective randomized multi-center study.
Thromboprophylaxis in patients with hip fractures: a prospective, randomized, comparative study between Org 10172 and dextran 70.
Complete external iliac artery disruption after percutaneous aortic valvuloplasty in two young children: successful repair with hypogastric artery transposition.
Assessment of aortoiliac obstructive disease by Doppler spectrum analysis of blood flow velocities in the common femoral artery at rest and during reactive hyperemia.
Pancytopenia secondary to short-term, high-dose intravenous infusion of amrinone.
Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in hypertension.
Blood pressure during sleep: antihypertensive medication.
Autonomic nervous system dysregulation in human hypertension.
Bopindolol: Czechoslovak experience with a new beta blocker in the treatment of hypertension.
Review of state-of-the-art beta-blocker therapy.
Interrupting the adaptive changes in congestive heart failure.
Genesis of arrhythmias in the failing heart and therapeutic implications.
Adaptive changes in the periphery and their therapeutic consequences.
Neuroendocrine activation in congestive heart failure.
Assessment of exercise tolerance in chronic congestive heart failure.
Assessment of quality of life.
Acute and chronic hemodynamic effects of xamoterol in mild to moderate congestive heart failure.
Isoflurane anesthesia and myocardial ischemia: comparative risk versus sufentanil anesthesia in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery. The SPI (Study of Perioperative Ischemia) Research Group.
Is the pressure rate quotient a predictor or indicator of myocardial ischemia as measured by ST-segment changes in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery?
Cytomegalovirus endomyocarditis in a transplanted heart. A case report with in situ hybridization.
Repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms. A statewide experience.
Complications of percutaneous intra-aortic balloon pump use in patients with peripheral vascular disease.
Access to neurological care for minorities.
Clinical evaluation of stenosis of the carotid bifurcation with magnetic resonance angiographic techniques.
Delayed visual loss due to trauma of the internal carotid artery.
Acute pseudobulbar or suprabulbar palsy.
Acute stimulation of renin secretion changes the multiple form profile of active plasma renin.
Intracellular free magnesium and high energy phosphates in the perfused normotensive and spontaneously hypertensive rat heart. A 31P NMR study.
Primary prevention of sudden cardiovascular death in hypertensive patients. Mortality results from the MAPHY Study.
Suppressive effect of sulfate on the development of hypertension in DOCA-salt hypertensive rats.
Mechanisms of hypertension in diabetes.
Angiotensin-induced growth related metabolism is activated in cultured smooth muscle cells from spontaneously hypertensive rats and Wistar-Kyoto rats.
Evaluation of the Ca2+ distribution in aortic tissue of spontaneously hypertensive and normotensive rats [letter]
Hypertension and vascular disease.
Stroke and hypertension and its prevention.
Shortcomings of current antihypertensive therapy.
Clinical pharmacology of calcium antagonists.
The prevention of the maternal manifestations of pre-eclampsia by intensive antihypertensive treatment.
Continuation of normal neurobehavioural development in fetuses with absent umbilical arterial end diastolic velocities.
SWIFT trial of delayed elective intervention v conservative treatment after thrombolysis with anistreplase in acute myocardial infarction. SWIFT (Should We Intervene Following Thrombolysis?) Trial Study Group.
Ethnic differences in mortality from ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease in England and Wales.
Incidence of venous thromboembolism verified by necropsy over 30 years.
Interactions of serum copper, selenium, and low density lipoprotein cholesterol in atherogenesis.
Paediatric haemangiomas: the role of radiotherapy.
Recurrent haemospermia--underlying urogenital anomalies and efficacy of imaging procedures.
Thrombolytic therapy in the management of acute limb ischaemia.
Intra-arterial thrombolytic therapy in the management of acute and chronic limb ischaemia.
Randomized study on the effect of collagen impregnation of knitted Dacron velour aortoiliac prostheses on blood loss during aortic reconstruction.
Gastrointestinal complications in 4473 patients who underwent cardiopulmonary bypass surgery.
Bilateral nephrectomy before transplantation: indications, surgical approach, morbidity and mortality.
Venous emboli occurring caesarean section: the effect of patient position.
Pharmacokinetics of lidocaine in children with congenital heart disease.
Intracoronary thrombus formation causes focal vasoconstriction of epicardial arteries in patients with coronary artery disease.
Short-term effect of dynamic exercise on arterial blood pressure
Functional role of the epicardium in postinfarction ventricular tachycardia. Observations derived from computerized epicardial activation mapping, entrainment, and epicardial laser photoablation
Localization of gene for familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy to chromosome 14q1 in a diverse US population.
Effects of asymptomatic ischemia on long-term prognosis in chronic stable coronary disease.
Echocardiographic detection of coronary artery disease during dobutamine infusion.
Noninvasive identification of myocardium at risk in patients with acute myocardial infarction and nondiagnostic electrocardiograms with technetium-99m-Sestamibi.
On the mechanisms of ventricular tachycardia acceleration during programmed electrical stimulation.
Correlation of circulating von Willebrand factor levels with cardiovascular hemodynamics.
Diagnostic implications of spectral and temporal analysis of the entire cardiac cycle in patients with ventricular tachycardia
A new approach to the differential diagnosis of a regular tachycardia with a wide QRS complex.
Myocardial metabolic, hemodynamic, and electrocardiographic significance of reversible thallium-201 abnormalities in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Left ventricular midwall mechanics in systemic arterial hypertension. Myocardial function is depressed in pressure-overload hypertrophy.
Evidence for superoxide radical-dependent coronary vasospasm after angioplasty in intact dogs.
Circus movement atrial flutter in canine sterile pericarditis model. Activation patterns during entrainment and termination of single-loop reentry in vivo.
Cardioreparative effects of lisinopril in rats with genetic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy.
Coronary stenting with a new, radiopaque, balloon-expandable endoprosthesis in pigs.
Hemodynamic and electrophysiological actions of cocaine. Effects of sodium bicarbonate as an antidote in dogs.
Pathophysiology of myocardial perfusion in hypertension.
Dipyridamole echocardiography. A new diagnostic window on coronary artery disease.
Pathophysiological basis for noninvasive functional evaluation of coronary stenosis.
Dobutamine versus dipyridamole echocardiography in coronary artery disease.
Stress testing in the period after infarction.
Exercise electrocardiography versus dipyridamole echocardiography testing in coronary angioplasty. Early functional evaluation and prediction of angina recurrence.
Physiological assessment of sensitivity of noninvasive testing for coronary artery disease.
Anaerobic threshold in patients with exercise-induced myocardial ischemia.
Right coronary artery disease. Pathophysiology, clinical relevance, and methods for recognition.
Dipyridamole echocardiography stress testing in hypertensive patients. Targets and tools.
Exercise testing in patients with microvascular angina.
Comparison of exercise testing with studies of coronary flow reserve in patients with microvascular angina.
Metabolic markers of stress-induced myocardial ischemia.
Prognostic impact of stress testing in coronary artery disease.
Algorithm to predict triple-vessel/left main coronary artery disease in patients without myocardial infarction. An international cross validation.
Fasting plasma glucose levels and endogenous androgens in non-diabetic postmenopausal women.
Alterations of platelet membrane microviscosity in essential hypertension.
Cardiac and whole-body [3H]noradrenaline kinetics during adrenaline infusion in man.
Secondary ischaemia in rabbit skin flaps: the roles played by thromboxane and free radicals.
Anal tonometry: a quick method of anal manometry.
Raynaud's phenomenon. An update.
Agonist-sensitive calcium stores in arteries from steroid hypertensive rats.
Once-daily fosinopril in the treatment of hypertension.
Body weight is more important than family history of hypertension for left ventricular function.
Similar prevalence of renovascular hypertension in selected blacks and whites.
Pathophysiology of renovascular hypertension.
Initial blood pressure fall on stand up and exercise explained by changes in total peripheral resistance.
Alteration of the pulsatile load in the high-altitude calf model of pulmonary hypertension.
Myocardial biochemical and hemodynamic adaptations to chronic tachycardia.
The localization and distribution of corticotropin-releasing hormone in the human placenta and fetal membranes throughout gestation.
Plasma lipid transfer protein as a determinant of the atherogenicity of monkey plasma lipoproteins.
Remodeling of ventricular conduction pathways in healed canine infarct border zones.
Identification of the viral genes responsible for growth of strains of reovirus in cultured mouse heart cells.
Subcellular characteristics of phospholipase A2 activity in the rat kidney. Enhanced cytosolic, mitochondrial, and microsomal phospholipase A2 enzymatic activity after renal ischemia and reperfusion.
Rationale for a primary prevention study using low-dose aspirin to prevent coronary and cerebrovascular disease in the elderly.
Endocarditis prophylaxis in a primary care clinic.
Nuclear exercise testing and the management of coronary artery disease.
Reproducibility of quantitative planar thallium-201 scintigraphy: quantitative criteria for reversibility of myocardial perfusion defects.
Left ventricular regional wall motion assessment by radionuclide ventriculography: a comparison of cine display with Fourier imaging
Evaluation of indium-111-labeled antifibrin monoclonal antibody for the diagnosis of venous thrombotic disease
Changes in quantitative SPECT thallium-201 results associated with the use of energy-weighted acquisition.
Orbit-related variation in spatial resolution as a source of artifactual defects in thallium-201 SPECT
Predictors of left atrial thrombus in mitral valve disease
Importance of the immune response to the Ro/La particle in the development of congenital heart block and neonatal lupus erythematosus.
Mixed cryoglobulinemia associated with chronic Q-fever.
Abnormally high level of C4b binding protein and deficiency of free fraction of protein S in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus and recurrent thromboses.
Rapid improvement in a patient with leukocytoclastic vasculitis with secondary mixed cryoglobulinemia treated with cryofiltration.
Superior vena cava occlusion in a patient with antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
Embolization of cardiac myxomas masquerading as polyarteritis nodosa.
Diagnosis and management of Kawasaki disease.
Single lung transplantation. Alternative indications and technique.
Reduction of infarct size by systemic amino acid supplementation during reperfusion.
Experimental evaluation of myocardial protective effect of prostacyclin analog (OP-41483) as an adjunct to cardioplegic solution.
Coronary artery bypass grafting in the octogenarian.
Valve-related complications with the Hancock I porcine bioprosthesis. A twelve- to fourteen-year follow-up study.
A five-year appraisal and hemodynamic evaluation of the Bjork-Shiley Monostrut valve.
Double-inlet ventricle presenting in infancy. II. Results of palliative operations.
Screening for renovascular hypertension.
Linkage of a cardiac arrhythmia, the long QT syndrome, and the Harvey ras-1 gene
Cerebral infarction verified by cranial computed tomography and prognosis for survival following transient ischemic attack.
Medullary arteries in aging and dementia.
Angiographic vasospasm and release of platelet thromboxane after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy study of human brain after cardiac resuscitation.
Superoxide dismutase decreases mortality, blood pressure, and cerebral blood flow responses induced by acute hypertension in rats.
Rupture of the internal elastic lamina and vascular fragility in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Prevalence of lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] excess in coronary artery disease.
Effects of nonionic versus ionic contrast media on complications of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Results of multivessel percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in persons aged 65 years and older.
Outcome after major dissection during coronary angioplasty using the perfusion balloon catheter.
Correlation of quantitative angiographic parameters with changes in left ventricular diastolic function after angioplasty of the left anterior descending coronary artery.
Waking and rising at night as a trigger of myocardial ischemia.
Detection of silent myocardial ischemia in diabetes mellitus.
Left and right ventricular systolic function and exercise capacity with coronary artery disease.
Effects on quality of life with comprehensive rehabilitation after acute myocardial infarction.
Relation of symptoms to contractility and defect size in infants with ventricular septal defect.
Mechanism of augmented left atrial pump function in myocardial infarction and essential hypertension evaluated by left atrial pressure-dimension relation.
Coronary thrombosis in a patient with May-Hegglin anomaly.
Serologic characterization of Rocky Mountain spotted fever. Appearance of antibodies reactive with endothelial cells and phospholipids, and factors that alter protein C activation and prostacyclin secretion.
Creatine kinase isoenzyme band mimicking CK MB on agarose gel electrophoresis.
Renal transplant arterial thrombosis: association with cyclosporine.
Effects of calcium antagonists on glomerular hemodynamics and structure in experimental hypertension.
The influence of the renin gene on alcohol consumption in Dahl rats.
Vasovagal asystole during spinal anaesthesia.
Milrinone, a bridge to heart transplantation.
Real-time ultrasound for the detection of deep venous thrombosis.
Magnetic resonance imaging for calf deep venous thrombophlebitis.
Severe oral phenytoin overdose does not cause cardiovascular morbidity.
The golden hours of the myocardial infarction: nonthrombolytic interventions.
Verapamil in the treatment of maternal paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Clinical characteristics of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-induced angioedema.
Pulmonary veno-occlusive disease. Fatal progression of pulmonary hypertension despite steroid-induced remission of interstitial pneumonitis.
Topical tretinoin for treatment of photodamaged skin. A multicenter study.
Transient porphyrinemia in a liver transplant recipient.
Effects of hypoxaemia and bradycardia on neonatal cerebral haemodynamics.
Apnoea, bradycardia, and oxygen saturation in preterm infants.
Non-invasive assessment of pulmonary arterial pressure in healthy neonates.
Fatal persistent pulmonary hypertension presenting late in the neonatal period.
Intraoperative identification of cardiac patients at risk to develop postoperative atrial fibrillation.
Ruptured aneurysm of the descending thoracic and thoracoabdominal aorta. Analysis according to size and treatment.
The influence of severity of spinal cord ischemia in the etiology of delayed-onset paraplegia.
Evolution of renal insufficiency in ischemic nephropathy.
Femoral-distal bypass with in situ greater saphenous vein. Long-term results using the Mills valvulotome.
Prehospital hypertonic saline/dextran infusion for post-traumatic hypotension. The U.S.A. Multicenter Trial.
Effects of calcium chloride administration on the postischemic isolated rat heart.
Cavoatrial tumor thrombectomy using cardiopulmonary bypass without circulatory arrest.
Pulmonary hypertension and polymorphonuclear leukocyte elastase after esophageal cancer operations.
Delayed sternal closure for life-threatening complications in cardiac operations: an update.
Pulmonary sequelae of prolonged total venoarterial bypass: evaluation with a new experimental model.
Use of human recombinant erythropoietin to correct severe preoperative anemia.
An unusual problem during surgical removal of a broken guidewire.
False aneurysm of the right internal mammary artery.
Pericardial cyst with partial erosion of the right ventricular wall.
Aortitis caused by Mycobacterium fortuitum.
A population-based perspective of the hospital incidence and case-fatality rates of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. The Worcester DVT Study.
Serum cholesterol and mortality among Japanese-American men. The Honolulu (Hawaii) Heart Program.
Nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy and intraocular pressure.
Optic nerve sheath decompression for nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy improves multiple visual function measurements.
Pacemaker failure on induction of anaesthesia.
By how much does dietary salt reduction lower blood pressure? III--Analysis of data from trials of salt reduction [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Apr 20;302(6782):939]
Cholesterol screening and life assurance.
Perioperative morbidity and mortality of gynecologic brachytherapy.
Thrombotic and hemorrhagic complications in essential thrombocythemia. A retrospective study of 103 patients.
Adrenoceptors on blood cells from patients with primary Raynaud's phenomenon.
Renal and extra-renal levels of renin mRNA in experimental hypertension.
Physiologic stress and cellular ischemia: relationship to immunosuppression and susceptibility to sepsis.
Gastrointestinal mucosal injury in experimental models of shock, trauma, and sepsis.
Oxygen transport in cardiogenic and septic shock.
Improvement in oxygen tensions and pulmonary blood flow with intermittent distal aortic compression during normoxia, hypoxic hypoxia, and hyperoxia in neonatal piglets.
Acute colorectal ischaemia after anaphylactoid shock.
The influence of osteophytes and aortic calcification on spinal mineral density in postmenopausal women.
Degree of coronary artery disease predicted by exercise testing.
Cause of death in unsuccessful prehospital resuscitation.
Acupuncture in angina pectoris: does acupuncture have a specific effect?
Third-degree atrioventricular block in an athlete.
Clinical characteristics and surgical management of vascular complications in patients undergoing cardiac catheterization: interventional versus diagnostic procedures.
Intermittent ischemia potentiates intestinal reperfusion injury.
Excimer laser-assisted femoral angioplasty: early results.
Longitudinal study of cerebral spinal fluid drainage in polyethylene glycol-conjugated superoxide dismutase in paraplegia associated with thoracic aortic cross-clamping.
Infrapopliteal bypass for severe ischemia: comparison of autogenous vein, composite, and prosthetic grafts.
Percutaneous intraarterial thrombolysis in the treatment of thrombosis of lower extremity arterial reconstructions.
Lipid peroxidation: a possible factor in late graft failure of coronary artery bypass grafts.
Aortic sepsis: is there a role for in situ graft reconstruction?
Extraperitoneal approach for repair of inflammatory abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Use of duplex scanning in the diagnosis of arteria profunda femoris stenosis.
Transmetatarsal amputation: the role of adjunctive revascularization.
Aortoiliac surgery in renal transplant patients.
Histologic characteristics of carotid artery plaque.
Iliopectineal bursitis: an unusual cause of iliofemoral vein compression.
Endothelial cell seeding.
MRC European Carotid Surgery Trial: interim results for symptomatic patients with severe (70-99%) or with mild (0-29%) carotid stenosis. European Carotid Surgery Trialists' Collaborative Group
Mononeuropathy in sickle cell anemia: anatomical and pathophysiological basis for its rarity.
Postprandial hypotension: microneurographic analysis and treatment with vasopressin.
Interactions between calcium channel blockers and the anticonvulsants carbamazepine and phenytoin.
Health maintenance strategies for women of different ages. An overview.
Hormone replacement therapy and coronary heart disease.
Long-term health risks and benefits of oral contraceptive use.
Regimen compliance two years after myocardial infarction.
3DFT MR angiography of the carotid bifurcation: potential and limitations as a screening examination.
Spatial and temporal registration of cardiac SPECT and MR images: methods and evaluation.
Relationship between proteolytic enzymes and atherosclerosis in aortic aneurysms.
Factors affecting survival of patients with ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm in a West Virginia community.
The role of platelet activating factor and its antagonists in shock, sepsis and multiple organ failure.
Effects of subarachnoid hemorrhage and a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor on intracranial prostaglandins.
Surgically treated cavernous angiomas of the brain stem: report of two cases and review of the literature.
Thrombogenic microballoon for cerebral aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations, and carotid cavernous fistula occlusion. Preliminary technical note.
Haemopericardium and cardiac tamponade complicating pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
Twenty-four-hour variation of blood pressure in vascular dementia of the Binswanger type.
Leukoaraiosis correlates with cerebral hypoperfusion in vascular dementia.
A public health approach to cholesterol. Confronting the 'TV-auto-supermarket society'.
Phenothiazine-associated apnea in two siblings.
Nimodipine and bradycardia in acute stroke--drug or disease?
Changes in the characteristics of myocardial infarction patients: 1980 vs 1988.
Temporal arteritis: an atypical presentation.
Temporal arteritis with normal erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
Perivalvular pseudoaneurysm complicating bacterial endocarditis: MR detection in five cases.
Obstruction of the infrarenal portion of the abdominal aorta: results of treatment with balloon angioplasty.
Autonomic dysfunction in alcoholic cirrhosis: relationship to indicators of synthetic activation and the occurrence of renal sodium retention.
Cardiopulmonary hemodynamics in systemic sclerosis and response to nifedipine and captopril.
Failure of vasoldilator infusion to alter pulmonary diffusing capacity in systemic sclerosis.
Estimating the likelihood of severe coronary artery disease.
Thallium stress testing does not predict cardiovascular risk in diabetic patients with end-stage renal disease undergoing cadaveric renal transplantation.
Effects of acetylsalicylic acid on renal function in patients with chronic heart failure.
Measuring physical activity with a single question.
Unexplained syncope evaluated by electrophysiologic studies and head-up tilt testing.
Fingerstick glucose determination in shock.
Bypass surgery for chronic stable angina: predictors of survival benefit and strategy for patient selection.
Bilateral central retinal vein occlusion as an initial manifestation of pseudotumor cerebri.
Central retinal vein occlusion associated with drusen of the optic disc.
Circadian variation in the frequency of onset of chest pain in acute myocardial infarction.
A critical threshold of exercise capacity in the ventilatory response to exercise in heart failure.
Platelet aggregating activity in serum from patients with HLA-B27 associated rheumatic and cardiac disorders: a possible link to the proliferative vascular changes.
Diastolic disease in left ventricular hypertrophy: comparison of M mode and Doppler echocardiography for the assessment of rapid ventricular filling.
Role of intraoperative ultrasound examination in patients undergoing a Fontan-type procedure.
Ebstein's anomaly associated with splenomegaly and reversible hypersplenism.
Balloon dilatation of pacemaker induced stenosis of the superior vena cava.
Diagnosis of mitral valve aneurysm by transoesophageal echocardiography.
Low energy catheter ablation of right ventricular outflow tract tachycardia.
Pharmacokinetics of activated protein C in guinea pigs.
Plasma catecholamines in patients with presinusoidal portal hypertension: comparison with cirrhotic patients and nonportal hypertensive subjects.
Prior poliomyelitis-reduced capillary supply and metabolic enzyme content in hypertrophic slow-twitch (type I) muscle fibres.
Excessive sweating: an uncommon sign of basilar artery occlusion.
Ischaemic myelopathy secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation in AIDS.
A prospective evaluation of arterial intimal injuries in an experimental model.
Carotid endarterectomy in elderly patients
Long-term psychologic implications of congenital heart disease: a 25-year follow-up.
Aspirin in the prevention of thrombosis.
Catheter ablation of accessory atrioventricular pathways (Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome) by radiofrequency current
Diagnosis and cure of the Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome or paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias during a single electrophysiologic test
Smoking and mortality among older men and women in three communities.
A single intravenous infusion of gamma globulin as compared with four infusions in the treatment of acute Kawasaki syndrome
Pregnancy after myocardial infarction: are we playing safe?
Acute venous thrombosis. Therapeutic choices for superficial and deep veins.
Low-dose cyclopenthiazide in the treatment of hypertension: a one-year community-based study.
Obesity in minority populations: policy implications of research.
The 10-y incidence of obesity and major weight gain in black and white US women aged 30-55 y.
Prevalence of obesity in American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Prevalence of obesity in a Native Hawaiian population.
Health implications of obesity.
Implications of obesity for cardiovascular disease in blacks: the CARDIA and ARIC studies [published erratum appears in Am J Clin Nutr 1991 Sep;54(3):590]
Body fat, coronary heart disease, and stroke in Japanese men.
Health implications of obesity in American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Weight-loss experience of black and white participants in NHLBI-sponsored clinical trials.
Obesity and cardiovascular risk intervention through the ad libitum feeding of traditional Hawaiian diet.
Early experience with mitral valve reconstruction for mitral insufficiency.
Role of arteriography in the preoperative evaluation of carotid artery disease.
Hypertension associated with increased renin concentrations in nephroblastoma.
Repair and replacement of deep vein valves in the treatment of venous insufficiency.
Predictors of death from aortic aneurysm among middle-aged men: the Whitehall study.
Near-infrared spectroscopy in peripheral vascular disease.
Spontaneous abdominal arteriovenous fistulae: report of eight cases and review of the literature.
Surgical implications of drug-induced rhabdomyolysis.
Transseptal catheterization in adults: enhanced efficacy and safety by low-volume operators using a "non-standard" technique.
Percutaneous balloon pericardial window for patients with malignant pericardial effusion and tamponade.
Multicenter evaluation of a new fixed-wire coronary angioplasty catheter system: clinical and angiographic characteristics and results.
Effect of destruction of the vascular endothelium upon pressure/flow relations and endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in resistance beds of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Evidence for altered Na+/H+ antiport activity in cultured skeletal muscle cells and vascular smooth muscle cells from the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
Mucosal vascular stasis precedes loss of viability of endothelial cells in rat acetic acid colitis.
Endoscopic retrograde hemorrhoidal sclerotherapy using 23.4% saline: a preliminary report.
Endoscopic injection sclerotherapy versus conservative treatment for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma and bleeding esophageal varices.
Hypertension profiling by total body water (TBW) determinations in patients on chronic hemodialysis.
A comparison of hypertensive and nonhypertensive coronary care patients' cardiovascular responses to visitors.
Median and ulnar neuropathy after streptokinase infusion.
Failure of early electrocardiogram to predict successful thrombolysis. Effect of stunned myocardium?
Effect of ventilation with soluble and diffusible gases on the size of air emboli.
Attenuation of IL-2-induced multisystem organ edema by phalloidin and antamanide.
Embolic abscesses in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Coronary hemodynamics and myocardial metabolism in patients with syndrome X: response to pacing stress
Left ventricular diastolic filling abnormalities identified by Doppler echocardiography in asymptomatic patients with sickle cell anemia.
Global T wave inversion.
Accuracy of computer-interpreted electrocardiography in selecting patients for thrombolytic therapy. MITI Project Investigators.
Effect of mitral regurgitation on pulmonary venous velocities derived from transesophageal echocardiography color-guided pulsed Doppler imaging.
Effects of exercise on transmitral gradient and pulmonary artery pressure in patients with mitral stenosis or a prosthetic mitral valve: a Doppler echocardiographic study.
Echocardiographic prediction of left ventricular volume after myocardial infarction.
Increase in atherosclerosis and adventitial mast cells in cocaine abusers: an alternative mechanism of cocaine-associated coronary vasospasm and thrombosis.
Indications for modification of coexisting dual atrioventricular node pathways in patients undergoing surgical ablation of accessory atrioventricular connections
Intermediate septal accessory pathways: electrocardiographic characteristics, electrophysiologic observations and their surgical implications
Paired comparisons of efficacy of intravenous and oral procainamide in patients with inducible sustained ventricular tachyarrhythmias.
Benefits of implantable defibrillators are overestimated by sudden death rates and better represented by the total arrhythmic death rate
Percutaneous radiofrequency catheter ablation for supraventricular arrhythmias in children.
Acute pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients awaiting heart transplantation.
A prospective evaluation of intracoronary ethanol ablation of the atrioventricular conduction system.
Acute effects of delayed reperfusion on myocardial infarct shape and left ventricular volume: a potential mechanism of additional benefits from thrombolytic therapy.
End-systolic regional wall stress-length and stress-shortening relations in an experimental model of normal, ischemic and reperfused myocardium.
Effect of graded reductions of coronary pressure and flow on myocardial metabolism and performance: a model of "hibernating" myocardium.
Constrictive pericarditis masquerading as Budd-Chiari syndrome.
Ischemic colitis associated with dextroamphetamine use.
Anterolateral transthoracic transvertebral resection of an intramedullary spinal arteriovenous malformation. Case report.
Prevention of cerebral vasospasm by actinomycin D.
Fatal rupture of the intracranial carotid artery during transluminal angioplasty for vasospasm induced by subarachnoid hemorrhage. Case report.
Roles of adenosine and theophylline on the recovery of adenine nucleotides in postischemic cultured renal tubular cells.
The role of serotonin-1A receptor activation and alpha-1 adrenoceptor blockade in the hypotensive effect of 5-methyl-urapidil.
Transesophageal echocardiography in renal cell carcinoma: an accurate diagnostic technique for intracaval neoplastic extension.
A prospective comparison of thromboembolic stockings, external sequential pneumatic compression stockings and heparin sodium/dihydroergotamine mesylate for the prevention of thromboembolic complications in urological surgery.
Incidence and characteristics of preventable iatrogenic cardiac arrests
Biased estimates of expected acute myocardial infarction mortality using MedisGroups admission severity groups
Current role of digitalis therapy in patients with congestive heart failure.
Optical properties of normal, diseased, and laser photocoagulated myocardium at the Nd: YAG wavelength.
Management of intraoperative rupture of aneurysm without hypotension.
The correlation between immunological reaction in the arterial wall and the time course of the development of cerebral vasospasm in a primate model.
Stasis ulcers: the role of compliance in healing.
Two-dimensional echocardiographic assessment of intracardiac masses in infants and children.
Clinical utility of transesophageal echocardiography.
Pancreatic-portal vein fistula with disseminated fat necrosis treated by pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Helium-oxygen and conventional mechanical ventilation in the treatment of large airway obstruction and respiratory failure in an infant.
An unusual presentation of salmonellal aortitis.
Effect of ischemia on protein synthesis in the septic liver.
Pericardio-peritoneal window for malignant pericardial effusion.
Poststenotic dilatation.
Twelve-lead electrocardiographic evaluation of ischemia during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and its correlation with acute reocclusion.
Prevention of restenosis by lovastatin after successful coronary angioplasty.
Valve deformity and balloon mechanics in percutaneous transvenous mitral commissurotomy.
Acute effect of percutaneous transluminal mitral commissurotomy on QT interval: possible role of afterload in contraction-excitation feedback.
The perception of angina in diabetes: relation to somatic pain threshold and autonomic function.
Propranolol therapy alters estimation of potential cardiovascular risk derived from submaximal postinfarction exercise testing.
Duration of ST segment depression after exercise-induced myocardial ischemia is influenced by body position during recovery but not by type of exercise.
Relationship between redistribution on exercise thallium-201 scintigraphy and repetitive ventricular premature beats in patients with recent myocardial infarction.
Long-term follow-up after sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia: Causes, pump failure, and empiric antiarrhythmic therapy that modify survival.
Comparison of the results of electrophysiologic testing after short-term and long-term treatment with amiodarone in patients with ventricular tachycardia.
Ventriculoatrial intervals during narrow complex reentrant tachycardia in children.
The role of enhanced vagal activity on ischemic ventricular tachycardia: pharmacologic basis of inefficiency.
Study of P wave morphology in lead V1 during supraventricular tachycardia for localizing the reentrant circuit.
Age-dependent increase in deleted mitochondrial DNA in the human heart: possible contributory factor to presbycardia.
Noninvasive determination of left ventricular output and wall stress in volume overload and in myocardial disease by cine magnetic resonance imaging.
Effects of subsequent pregnancy on left ventricular function in peripartum cardiomyopathy.
Late complications involving the ascending aorta after cardiac surgery: recognition and management.
Left atrial ball thrombus: review of clinical and echocardiographic manifestations with suggestions for management.
Acute positive inotropic intervention: the phosphodiesterase inhibitors.
Modulation of venous tone in heart failure.
Hemodynamic and clinical benefits with intravenous milrinone in severe chronic heart failure: results of a multicenter study in the United States.
Effects of a twenty-four-hour milrinone infusion in patients with severe heart failure and cardiogenic shock as a function of the hemodynamic initial condition.
Phosphodiesterase III inhibition or adrenoreceptor stimulation: milrinone as an alternative to dobutamine in the treatment of severe heart failure.
Effects of variable dose milrinone in patients with low cardiac output after cardiac surgery. European Multicenter Trial Group.
Myocardial perfusion scintigraphy during maximal coronary artery vasodilation with adenosine.
Exercise thallium-201 perfusion scintigraphy in the assessment of coronary artery disease.
Myocardial perfusion imaging with technetium-99m-labeled agents.
Assessment of myocardial perfusion by positron emission tomography.
Assessment of the human coronary circulation using a Doppler catheter.
Prognostic importance of collateral flow and residual coronary stenosis of the myocardial infarct artery after anterior wall Q-wave acute myocardial infarction.
Oxygen utilization, carbon dioxide elimination and ventilation during recovery from supine bicycle exercise 6 to 8 weeks after acute myocardial infarction.
Role of sinus node artery disease in sick sinus syndrome in inferior wall acute myocardial infarction.
Prevalence of risk factors in men with premature coronary artery disease.
Assessment of coronary artery disease using single-photon emission computed tomography with thallium-201 during adenosine-induced coronary hyperemia.
Reactivity of proximal and distal angiographically normal and stenotic coronary segments in chronic stable angina pectoris.
Assessment of severity of coronary narrowings by quantitative exercise echocardiography and comparison with quantitative arteriography.
Comparative effects of oral molsidomine and nifedipine on methylergometrine-induced coronary artery spasm.
Exercise echocardiography as a screening test for coronary artery disease and correlation with coronary arteriography.
Quantification of ST-segment changes during coronary angioplasty in patients with left bundle branch block.
Composition of atherosclerotic plaques in coronary arteries in women less than 40 years of age with fatal coronary artery disease and implications for plaque reversibility.
Composition of atherosclerotic plaques in the four major epicardial coronary arteries in patients greater than or equal to 90 years of age.
Effects of postural changes versus exercise on the electrophysiologic parameters of the accessory pathway.
Influence of left ventricular diastolic filling on symptoms and survival in patients with decreased left ventricular systolic function.
Comparison of accuracy of transesophageal versus transthoracic echocardiography for the detection of mitral valve prolapse with ruptured chordae tendineae (flail mitral leaflet).
Aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis in persons aged 80 years and over.
Value and limitations of color Doppler echocardiography in the evaluation of percutaneous balloon mitral valvuloplasty for isolated mitral stenosis.
Pediatric cardiac rehabilitation.
Tracking of elevated blood pressure values in adolescent athletes at 1-year follow-up.
A 50-year follow-up of childhood plumbism. Hypertension, renal function, and hemoglobin levels among survivors.
Genetic and environmental explanations for the distribution of sodium-lithium countertransport in pedigrees from Rochester, MN.
The relationship between autoantibodies and intrauterine growth retardation in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Complexes of activated protein C with alpha 1-antitrypsin in normal pregnancy and in severe preeclampsia.
Psychiatric disorders in 36 families with Wolfram syndrome.
The hypotensive activity of Crotalus atrox (western diamondback rattlesnake) venom: identification of its origin.
Femoro-femoral or ilio-femoral bypass for unilateral inflow reconstruction?
Conventional versus thrombolytic therapy in spontaneous (effort) axillary-subclavian vein thrombosis.
Salvage of thrombosed forearm polytetrafluoroethylene vascular access grafts by reversal of flow direction and venous bypass grafting.
Prophylaxis against venous thromboembolism in surgical patients.
An overview of venous thromboembolism prophylaxis.
Caesarean section in undiagnosed Eisenmenger's syndrome. Report of a patient with a fatal outcome.
Chickenpox pneumonia, its complications and management. A report of three cases, including the use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Paediatric blood pressure and anaesthesia.
Pulse oximetry compared with Doppler ultrasound for assessment of collateral blood flow to the hand.
Single operator cardiopulmonary resuscitation in ambulances. Which ventilation device?
The use of magnetic resonance imaging in the study of edema.
Circadian blood pressure pattern in patients with treated hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy.
ACE inhibitors in the elderly.
Postphlebitic syndrome and general surgery: an epidemiologic investigation.
Bacterial infection and peripheral vascular disease.
Efficacy of ketanserin in the therapy of Raynaud's phenomenon: thermometric data.
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) in Raynaud's phenomenon.
Pentoxifylline in the treatment of vascular impotence--case reports.
Usefulness of leg-crossing for maintaining blood pressure in a sitting position in patients with orthostatic hypotension--case reports.
Pericardiac extravasation during intravenous digital subtraction angiography: a case report.
The JH/LVOH method in the quantification of aortic regurgitation: how the cardiac sonographer may avoid an important potential pitfall.
The value of Doppler echocardiography in the management of patients with valvular heart disease: analysis of one year of clinical practice.
Tricuspid annular motion.
Right ventricular infarction: recognition and assessment of its hemodynamic significance by two-dimensional echocardiography.
Biplane transesophageal echocardiography: clinical applications of the long-axis plane.
Cor triatriatum with isolated pulmonary venous stenosis in an adult: diagnosis with transesophageal two-dimensional echocardiography.
Superior vena caval thrombosis detected by transesophageal echocardiography.
Patent ductus arteriosus in an infant with atrioventricular septal defect and pulmonary hypertension: diagnosis by transesophageal color flow echocardiography.
Transesophageal echocardiography: detection of an acquired left ventricular-right atrial shunt.
Doppler echocardiography for rejection surveillance in the cardiac allograft recipient.
Prevalence of risk factors for heart disease in OXCHECK trial: implications for screening in primary care. Imperial Cancer Research Fund OXCHECK Study Group.
Perioperative respiratory compliance in children undergoing repair of atrial septal defects.
Haemodynamic interactions of muscle relaxants and sufentanil in coronary artery surgery.
Failure to awaken after general anaesthesia secondary to paradoxical venous embolus.
Central venous air embolism without a catheter.
Anaesthetic-induced ventricular tachyarrhythmia in Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome.
Perioperative stroke. Part I: General surgery, carotid artery disease, and carotid endarterectomy.
Cardiomyopathy of the aging human heart. Myocyte loss and reactive cellular hypertrophy.
Effect of digitalis glycosides on norepinephrine release in the heart. Dual mechanism of action.
Effect of increasing degrees of ischemic injury on myocardial oxidative metabolism early after reperfusion in isolated rat hearts.
Role of cardiac ATP-regulated potassium channels in differential responses of endocardial and epicardial cells to ischemia.
Left ventricular myocardial edema. Lymph flow, interstitial fibrosis, and cardiac function.
Simulation of high-resolution QRS complex using a ventricular model with a fractal conduction system. Effects of ischemia on high-frequency QRS potentials.
Intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation support in the high-risk cardiac patient undergoing urgent noncardiac surgery.
Delayed time to peak serum myoglobin level as an indicator of cardiac dysfunction following open heart surgery.
Relation between mixed venous oxygen saturation and cardiac index. Nonlinearity and normalization for oxygen uptake and hemoglobin.
Postpericardiotomy and postmyocardial infarction syndrome presenting as noncardiac pulmonary edema.
Neutrophil-endothelial cell interaction in critical illness.
The effect of prostaglandin E1 on acute pulmonary artery hypertension during oleic acid-induced respiratory dysfunction.
Pulmonary vein thrombosis following bilobectomy.
Pacemaker-lead puncture of the tricuspid valve. Successful diagnosis and treatment.
Native right atrial tamponade with the Jarvik total artificial heart.
Late recurrent Candida endocarditis.
Successful balloon aortic valvuloplasty in a patient with mitral valve endocarditis.
Transient prolonged postischemic ventricular dilatation documented by 99mTc MIBI scan.
Deglutition syncope with coexistent carotid sinus hypersensitivity.
Correlates of postural hypotension in a community sample of elderly blacks and whites.
Prevalence of coronary risk factors in elderly blacks and whites.
The frequency and significance of ECG changes after transurethral prostate resection.
The Dubbo study of the health of elderly: correlates of coronary heart disease at study entry.
Loiasis in endemic and nonendemic populations: immunologically mediated differences in clinical presentation.
The high risk of death by alcohol related diseases in subjects diagnosed as diabetic and impaired glucose tolerant: the Paris Prospective Study after 15 years of follow-up.
Observer variability of Osler's maneuver in detection of pseudohypertension.
Factors relevant to preventing embolic stroke in patients with non-rheumatic atrial fibrillation.
Major vascular complications of orthognathic surgery: false aneurysms and arteriovenous fistulas following orthognathic surgery.
Lack of diameter effect on short-term patency of size-matched Dacron aortobifemoral grafts.
Evolving experience with thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair at a single institution.
Distribution of valvular incompetence in patients with venous stasis ulceration.
Angioscopically directed valvulotomy: a new valvulotome and technique.
The safety of intraaortic balloon pump catheter insertion through suprainguinal prosthetic vascular bypass grafts.
Evaluation of the extracranial carotid arteries: correlation of magnetic resonance angiography, duplex ultrasonography, and conventional angiography.
Selection of the approach to the distal internal carotid artery from the second cervical vertebra to the base of the skull.
Cerebrovascular hemodynamic changes associated with carotid endarterectomy.
Hemodynamic and metabolic responses to graded microvascular occlusion.
The effect of ibuprofen on cardiac performance during abdominal aortic cross-clamping.
Reduction of myocardial infarction after emergency coronary artery bypass grafting for failed coronary angioplasty with use of a normothermic reperfusion cardioplegia protocol.
Ebstein's anomaly appearing in the neonate. A new surgical approach.
Cor triatriatum. Clinical presentation and operative results.
Repair of aortic coarctation in infants.
Plasma prostanoids in neonates with pulmonary hypertension treated with conventional therapy and with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Operations for Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Effects of endurance training on baroreflex sensitivity and blood pressure in borderline hypertension.
Health inequalities among British civil servants: the Whitehall II study
Seasonality of disease in Kuwait.
Diseases that mimic multiple sclerosis.
Pulmonary embolism update. Lessons for the '90s.
Lower limb problems in diabetic patients. What are the causes? What are the remedies?
Alpha 1 blockers. Safe, effective treatment for hypertension.
Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia of superior vena cava: a rare cause of the superior vena cava syndrome.
Double-blind, cross-over study comparing prostaglandin E1 and papaverine in patients with vasculogenic impotence.
Evidence for alpha 1-adrenoreceptor hyperresponsiveness in hypotensive cirrhotic patients with ascites.
The relationship of sodium balance and concomitant diuretic therapy to blood pressure response with calcium channel entry blockers.
Role of calcium channel blockers in protection against experimental renal injury.
Left ventricular hypertrophy: impact of calcium channel blocker therapy.
Impact of age, race, and obesity on hypertensive mechanisms and therapy.
Therapeutic benefits of calcium channel blockers in cyclosporine-treated organ transplant recipients: blood pressure control and immunosuppression.
Oral contraceptive use and coronary risk factors in women.
Antihypertensive therapy and atherosclerosis.
Capillary refill--is it a useful predictor of hypovolemic states?
Orthostatic vital signs in emergency department patients.
Cocaine-associated chest pain.
Cocaine-related symptoms in patients presenting to an urban emergency department.
Overseas fatalities of United States citizen travelers: an analysis of deaths related to international travel.
Treatment of accidental digital injection of epinephrine.
Comparison of different antibiotic regimens for therapy of 32 cases of Q fever endocarditis.
Orthotopic cardiac transplantation in two patients with previous malignancy.
Mitral valve replacement in idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome.
Mitral valve replacement six years after cardiac transplantation.
Supravalvar aortic stenosis: a 29-year review of surgical experience
Reducing postischemic paraplegia using conjugated superoxide dismutase.
Mitral valve replacement combined with coronary artery operation: determinants of early and late results.
Spinal cord protection during aortic occlusion: efficacy of intrathecal tetracaine.
Hypertrophy of nodules of Arantius and aortic insufficiency: pathophysiology and repair.
Current surgical technique to repair Fallot's tetralogy with absent pulmonary valve syndrome.
Heterotopic heart transplantation and native heart ventricular arrhythmias.
Sinus of Valsalva aneurysm eroding into the interventricular septum.
Mesenteric vein thrombosis associated with a familial deficiency of free protein S.
Erdheim-Chester disease. Case report with autopsy findings.
Donor limb vascular events following femoro-femoral bypass surgery. A Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study.
Patterns of venous insufficiency in patients with varicose veins.
Transesophageal echocardiography. Preliminary results in patients with traumatic aortic rupture.
Monitoring functional patency of percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
High rate of portal thrombosis after splenectomy in patients with esophageal varices and idiopathic portal hypertension.
Lateral thoracotomy for the automatic implantable defibrillator.
Myointimal hyperplasia as a result of balloon-catheter thromboembolectomy.
Regional cerebral blood flow after human cardiac arrest. A hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime single photon emission computed tomographic study.
Sclerosing vasculopathy of the central nervous system in nonelderly demented patients.
Oxygen free radicals and congestive heart failure.
Balloon dilatation of the aortic valve in the fetus: a report of two cases.
Non-invasive assessment of perioperative myocardial cell damage by circulating cardiac troponin T.
Characteristics of left ventricular filling in coronary artery disease and myocardial ischaemia after dipyridamole provocation.
Operative survival and 40 year follow up of surgical repair of aortic coarctation.
In vitro balloon dilatation of mitral valve stenosis: the importance of subvalvar involvement as a cause of mitral valve insufficiency.
Fixed subaortic stenosis: anatomical spectrum and nature of progression.
Salmonella: a rare cause of subacute effusive-constrictive pericarditis.
Chronic subcorneal pustulosis with vasculitis: a variant of generalized pustular psoriasis in black South Africans.
Cavernosometry: methodology and reproducibility with and without pharmacological agents in the evaluation of venous impotence.
Pathological hypertrophy and cardiac interstitium. Fibrosis and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system.
Selective gene expression in failing human heart. Quantification of steady-state levels of messenger RNA in endomyocardial biopsies using the polymerase chain reaction.
Limb vascular responsiveness to beta-adrenergic receptor stimulation in patients with congestive heart failure.
Pathogenesis of edema in constrictive pericarditis. Studies of body water and sodium, renal function, hemodynamics, and plasma hormones before and after pericardiectomy.
QTc prolongation measured by standard 12-lead electrocardiography is an independent risk factor for sudden death due to cardiac arrest.
Effects of long-term enalapril therapy on cardiopulmonary exercise performance after myocardial infarction.
Determinants of 2-year outcome after coronary angioplasty in patients with multivessel disease on the basis of comprehensive preprocedural evaluation. Implications for patient selection. The Multivessel Angioplasty Prognosis Study Group.
Long-term results after balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty.
Doppler and echocardiographic characteristics of patients having an Austin Flint murmur.
Assessment of aortic regurgitation by the acceleration flow signal void proximal to the leaking orifice in cinemagnetic resonance imaging.
Thrombolytic therapy with streptokinase stimulates collagen breakdown.
Ultrasonic angioplasty in totally occluded peripheral arteries. Initial clinical, histological, and angiographic results.
Association of human leukocyte class II antigens with rheumatic fever or rheumatic heart disease in a Brazilian population.
Left ventricular diastolic collapse. An echocardiographic sign of regional cardiac tamponade.
Beta-blocker treatment of dilated cardiomyopathy. Beneficial effect of carteolol in mice.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on regional function during and after exercise-induced ischemia.
Characterization of refractory period extension by transcardiac shock.
Electrophysiological effects of left ventricular hypertrophy. Effect of calcium and potassium channel blockade.
Abnormal automatic rhythms in ischemic Purkinje fibers are modulated by a specific alpha 1-adrenergic receptor subtype.
Effect of calcification on in vivo mechanical response of rabbit arteries to balloon dilation.
Fetal cardiovascular morphology of truncus arteriosus with or without truncal valve insufficiency in the rat.
Noninvasive estimation of the instantaneous first derivative of left ventricular pressure using continuous-wave Doppler echocardiography
Current role of catheter ablative procedures in patients with cardiac arrhythmias. A report for health professionals from the Subcommittee on Electrocardiography and Electrophysiology, American Heart Association.
Importance of experimental models for the development of clinical trials on thromboatherosclerosis.
Animal models for arterial thrombolysis and prevention of reocclusion. Erythrocyte-rich versus platelet-rich thrombus.
An in vivo model of experimental arterial stenosis, intimal damage, and periodic thrombosis.
Experimental arterial thrombosis in nonhuman primates.
Role of von Willebrand factor in arterial thrombosis. Studies in normal and von Willebrand disease pigs.
Small animal thrombosis models for the evaluation of thrombolytic agents.
Increased plasma apolipoprotein(a) levels in IDDM patients with microalbuminuria.
Depressed contractile function due to canine mitral regurgitation improves after correction of the volume overload [published erratum appears in J Clin Invest 1991 Aug;88(2):723]
Heterogeneity in oxygen diffusion around venous ulcers.
Evaluation of different systems for clinical quantification of varicose veins.
Using a low current radiosurgical unit to obliterate facial telangiectasias.
Flash lamp pumped dye laser for rosacea-associated telangiectasia and erythema.
Life-threatening cervico-mediastinal haematoma after carotid sinus massage.
Characteristics of patients resistant to antihypertensive drug therapy.
Barriers to cholesterol testing in a rural community.
Effects of hydralazine on cardiac performance in infants receiving extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Variability of body weight and health outcomes in the Framingham population
Group C streptococcal bacteremia: analysis of 88 cases.
Status of the valves in the superficial and deep venous system in chronic venous disease.
Comparison of rubidium-82 positron emission tomography and thallium-201 SPECT imaging for detection of coronary artery disease.
Dobutamine digital echocardiography for detecting coronary artery disease.
Usefulness of esmolol in unstable angina pectoris. European Esmolol Study Group.
Effects of hemoperfusion during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty on left ventricular function.
Detection of intracoronary fibrin degradation after coronary balloon angioplasty.
Comparison of usefulness of high-dose dipyridamole echocardiography and exercise electrocardiography for detection of asymptomatic restenosis after coronary angioplasty.
Validation of continuous radionuclide left ventricular functioning monitoring in detecting silent myocardial ischemia during balloon angioplasty of the left anterior descending coronary artery.
Hemodynamic and metabolic effects of venoarterial cardiopulmonary support in coronary artery disease.
Usefulness of ST-segment changes in greater than or equal to 2 leads on the emergency room electrocardiogram in either unstable angina pectoris or non-Q-wave myocardial infarction in predicting outcome.
Experience with a third-generation implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
Frequency and mechanism of bradycardia in cardiac transplant recipients and need for pacemakers.
The renal growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor I axis.
Lung function in former intravenous drug abusers: the effect of ubiquitous cigarette smoking.
Comparison of efficacy of automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator in patients older and younger than 65 years of age.
Bradycardic responses to vagally mediated bedside maneuvers in healthy volunteers.
Goiter and hypothyroidism during re-treatment with amiodarone in a patient who previously experienced amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis.
Dramatic response of follicular thyroid carcinoma with superior vena cava syndrome and tracheal obstruction to external-beam radiotherapy.
Native valve Staphylococcus epidermidis endocarditis: report of seven cases and review of the literature.
The 29th Rovenstine lecture: clinical challenges for the anesthesiologist.
Magnesium inhibits the hypertensive but not the cardiotonic actions of low-dose epinephrine.
Hemodynamic consequences of desmopressin administration after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Transient myocardial ischemia during Holter registration before and after coronary angioplasty.
Sustained supraventricular tachyarrhythmias following coronary artery bypass surgery comparing mammary versus saphenous vein grafts.
Treatment of hypertensive urgencies with oral nifedipine, nicardipine, and captopril.
Systolic ejection murmurs in the elderly: aortic valve and carotid arteries echo-Doppler findings.
Chronic venous insufficiency in primary varicose veins evaluated by plethysmographic technique.
Regional intravenous ketanserin and guanethidine therapy in Raynaud's phenomenon.
Relationship between foot transcutaneous oxygen tension and ankle systolic blood pressure at rest and following exercise.
Cervical bruits: clinical correlates of stenosis.
Transient pulsus alternans induced by isosorbide dinitrate: echocardiographic and hemodynamic evidence of reduced venous return--a case report.
Cerebral hemodynamics in ischemic cerebrovascular disease.
Peripheral neuropathy after chronic endoneurial ischemia.
Invasive treatment for coronary artery disease in the elderly.
A prospective study of maturity-onset diabetes mellitus and risk of coronary heart disease and stroke in women.
The effects of low doses of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects. A randomized controlled trial.
Dietary lipid predictors of coronary heart disease in men. The Framingham Study.
Primary pulmonary hypertension. Its association with microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and thrombocytopenia.
Transcutaneous oxygen tensions in assessing the treatment of healed venous ulcers
Comparison of the effects of atenolol and nifedipine on glucose, insulin, and lipid metabolism in patients with hypertension.
Interdependence of blood pressure and heart period regulation in mild hypertension.
Reduced vascular compliance as a marker for essential hypertension.
Altered noradrenergic projection to hypothalamus via baroreflex in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Sodium regulation in the affinity of renal alpha 2-adrenoceptors for epinephrine in Sabra salt-sensitive and salt-resistant rats.
Abnormal blood pressure response to exercise in borderline hypertension. A two year follow-up study.
Generation of intracellular signals by low density lipoprotein is independent of the classical LDL receptor.
The clinical heterogeneity of hypertension.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, regional vascular hemodynamics, and the development and prevention of experimental genetic hypertension.
Effects of perindopril on left ventricular hypertrophy, coronary blood flow, and mechanical properties of cardiac muscle in renovascular hypertensive rats.
Remodeling of heart and arteries by chronic converting enzyme inhibition in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Effects of the angiotensin I converting enzyme inhibitor perindopril on cerebral blood flow in awake hypertensive rats.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition. Systemic and regional hemodynamics in rats and humans.
Pattern of arterial involvement of the head, neck, and eyes in giant cell arteritis: three case reports.
Toxicity and immunomodulatory effects of interleukin-2 after autologous bone marrow transplantation for hematologic malignancies.
Alpha 2-macroglobulin-kallikrein complexes detect contact system activation in hereditary angioedema and human sepsis.
Risk factors for stroke in middle aged British men.
Delay to invasive investigation and revascularisation for coronary heart disease in south west Thames region: a two tier system?
Periventricular lesions in the white matter on magnetic resonance imaging in the elderly. A morphometric correlation with arteriolosclerosis and dilated perivascular spaces.
Differential effect of compression-ischaemia block on warm sensation and heat-induced pain.
Interference between gastroesophageal reflux and sleep in near miss SIDS.
Fulminant pulmonary aspergillus infection occluding the aortic arch after high-dose antileukemic chemotherapy.
Coronary risk factors and the postbypass patient.
Evaluation of the patient with stable angina following coronary artery bypass surgery.
Hypertensive renal damage.
Hypertensive heart disease in blacks.
Cerebrovascular disease in hypertensive blacks.
Socioeconomic status and morbidity and mortality in hypertensive blacks.
Coronary artery disease in blacks: past perspectives and current overview.
Coronary heart disease: black-white differences.
Prevention of adult heart disease beginning in childhood: intervention programs.
Prevention of coronary heart disease in black adults.
Cardiomyopathy in blacks.
Risk factors and the natural history of coronary heart disease in blacks.
Cardiovascular surgery in blacks.
Heart disease in blacks of Africa and the Caribbean.
Hypertension in blacks: clinical overview.
The pathogenesis of hypertension: black-white differences.
Compartment syndrome of the thigh with osteogenesis imperfecta. A case report.
Insulin resistance. A multifaceted syndrome responsible for NIDDM, obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypertension. Parallels between human disease and rodent models.
Effect of antihypertensive drugs on insulin, glucose, and lipid metabolism.
Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Central role of sodium in hypertension in diabetic subjects.
Na+ transport in hypertension.
Hypertension in obesity and NIDDM. Role of insulin and sympathetic nervous system.
Autonomic nervous dysfunction in essential hypertension.
Impact of blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment on incipient and overt nephropathy, retinopathy, and endothelial permeability in diabetes mellitus.
Glucagon and clonidine testing in the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma.
Carotid baroreceptor function in dogs with chronic norepinephrine infusion.
Role of anteroventral third ventricle and vasopressin in renal response to stress in borderline hypertensive rats.
Prevention of cold-induced increase in blood pressure of rats by captopril.
Antihypertensive effects of an aromatase inhibitor in inbred salt-sensitive rats.
Chronic treatment with tin normalizes blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Intracellular pH in human resistance arteries in essential hypertension.
High blood pressure due to alcohol. A rapidly reversible effect.
Influence of hypertension and dietary copper on indexes of copper status in rats.
Sodium restriction in hypertensive patients treated with a converting enzyme inhibitor and a thiazide.
Suppression of rat deoxycorticosterone-salt hypertension by kallikrein-kinin system.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity in renovascular hypertension and primary aldosteronism.
Dual hemodynamic mechanisms for salt-induced hypertension in Dahl salt-sensitive rats.
Role of vasopressin in salt-induced hypertension in baroreceptor-denervated uninephrectomized rabbits.
Separate sex-influenced and genetic components in spontaneously hypertensive rat hypertension.
Androgen receptor and the testes influence hypertension in a hybrid rat model.
Expression of brain natriuretic peptide gene in human heart. Production in the ventricle.
Quinapril, an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, prevents cardiac hypertrophy during episodic hypertension.
Lateral parabrachial nucleus and angiotensin II-induced hypertension.
Sympathetic neural control of vascular muscle in reduced renal mass hypertension.
Aqueduct block markedly reduces mortality and hypertension in post-deoxycorticosterone acetate Dahl salt-resistant rats.
Effect of NG-monomethyl L-arginine on endothelium-dependent relaxation in arterioles of one-kidney, one clip hypertensive rats.
Hypertension-induced changes of platelet-derived growth factor receptor expression in rat aorta and heart.
Structural alterations of microvascular smooth muscle cells in reduced renal mass hypertension.
Role of endothelium-derived relaxing factor in regulation of vascular tone and remodeling. Update on humoral regulation of vascular tone.
Regulation of cerebral blood vessels by humoral and endothelium-dependent mechanisms. Update on humoral regulation of vascular tone.
Cellular ions in hypertension, diabetes, and obesity. A nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic study.
Role of sympathetic activity in blood pressure reduction with low calorie regimen.
Predictors of an increased risk of future hypertension in Utah. A screening analysis.
Renal vascular response to sodium loading in sons of hypertensive parents.
The orthostatic tachycardia syndrome: evaluation of autonomic function and treatment with octreotide and ergot alkaloids.
Stress hormones and acid-base status of human fetuses at delivery.
Beriberi heart disease in a schizophrenic with an unusual diet.
Cardiopulmonary arrest following an infusion of calcium 2-amino ethanol phosphate.
Acute cor pulmonale secondary to metastatic tumor to the heart: a case report and literature review.
Interpretation and clinical significance of the QRS axis of the electrocardiogram.
Axillosubclavian vein thrombosis: case report.
Emergency department echocardiography in the diagnosis and therapy of cardiac tamponade.
The physical examination in acute cardiac ischemic syndromes.
William Heberden and Myron Prinzmetal: angina pectoris.
On lowering lipids in the post-infarction patient.
Prevalence of renal artery stenosis in diabetes mellitus--an autopsy study.
Long-term diet modification and platelet activity.
Left ventricular function and wall thickness in long-term insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: an echocardiographic study.
Effects of felodipine ER and hydrochlorothiazide on blood rheology in essential hypertension--a randomized, double-blind, crossover study.
Cyclophosphamide cardiotoxicity in bone marrow transplantation: a prospective evaluation of new dosing regimens.
Electrothrombosis of saccular aneurysms via endovascular approach. Part 1: Electrochemical basis, technique, and experimental results.
Coexistent hemangioblastoma and arteriovenous malformation of the cerebellum. Case report.
Retrograde suction decompression of an ophthalmic artery aneurysm using balloon occlusion. Technical note.
Review of the secondary injury theory of acute spinal cord trauma with emphasis on vascular mechanisms.
Cardiac performance indices during hypervolemic therapy for cerebral vasospasm.
Screening for unruptured asymptomatic intracranial aneurysms in patients undergoing coronary angiography.
Relationship between the timing of aneurysm surgery and the development of delayed cerebral ischemia.
Benign arterial dissections of the posterior circulation.
Electrothrombosis of saccular aneurysms via endovascular approach. Part 2: Preliminary clinical experience.
Evaluation of right ventricular regional perfusion with technetium-99m-sestamibi SPECT.
Dynamic acquisition with a three-headed SPECT system: application to technetium 99m-SQ30217 myocardial imaging.
Effects of different angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors on ischemic isolated rat hearts: relationship between cardiac ACE inhibition and cardioprotection.
Effects of lidocaine on reperfusion arrhythmias and electrophysiological properties in an isolated ventricular muscle model of ischemia and reperfusion.
Oral contraceptives and coronary heart disease.
Coronary heart disease risk markers in users of low-dose oral contraceptives.
Strategies for reducing cardiovascular risk in women.
Prevention of stroke by antihypertensive drug treatment in older persons with isolated systolic hypertension. Final results of the Systolic Hypertension in the Elderly Program (SHEP). SHEP Cooperative Research Group
What if Americans ate less fat? A quantitative estimate of the effect on mortality.
Variations in length of stay and outcomes for six medical and surgical conditions in Massachusetts and California.
Analysis and interpretation of treatment effects in subgroups of patients in randomized clinical trials.
Tuberculous pericarditis.
Hyperbaric treatment of cerebral air embolism sustained during an open-heart surgical procedure
Predictors of event-free survival after balloon aortic valvuloplasty.
Second-trimester maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels and the risk of subsequent fetal death
Cardiac sources of embolism and cerebral infarction--clinical consequences and vascular concomitants: the Lausanne Stroke Registry.
Peripheral pulse pressure patterns in pregnancy hypertension.
Neutrophil activation is confined to the maternal circulation in pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Carotid cavernous fistula after minimal facial trauma. Report of a case.
Common complaints with cardiac implications in children.
Difficult diagnoses in toxicology. Poisons not detected by the comprehensive drug screen.
Pharmacologic treatment of heart failure.
Multiple drug therapy in the treatment of essential hypertension.
The initial electrocardiogram in patients seen by a mobile coronary care unit.
Receptor function in heart failure.
Coupling between the heart and arterial system in heart failure.
Circulatory abnormalities and compensatory mechanisms in heart failure.
Cardiovascular pharmacology of adrenergic and dopaminergic receptors: therapeutic significance in congestive heart failure.
Peripheral adaptations in congestive heart failure: a review.
Arrhythmias in heart failure--therapeutic challenges.
Assessing drugs for the treatment of heart failure.
Ibopamine in chronic congestive heart failure: hemodynamic and neurohumoral effects.
Ibopamine in the treatment of heart failure.
Antepartum testing in the hypertensive patient: when to begin.
Cardiac anaesthesia in a patient with myotonic dystrophy.
Risk factors in relation to postoperative complications and mortality after total gastrectomy in aged patients.
Inflammatory complications following penetrating cardiac trauma.
Melanosis coli: a case report in a trauma patient and review of the literature.
Adjuncts to thrombolysis for myocardial reperfusion.
Lipoprotein profiles in hypercholesterolemic children [published erratum appears in Am J Dis Child 1991 May;145(5):515]
Pyroelectric vidicon thermography and cold challenge quantify the severity of Raynaud's phenomenon.
Primary Raynaud's phenomenon in early childhood.
Cerebral hyperemia during spontaneous cluster headaches with excessive cerebral vasoconstriction to hyperoxia.
Claudication: an unusual side effect of DHE administration.
Localized recurrent postoperative pernio associated with leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Muir-Torre syndrome associated with alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency and cutaneous vasculitis. Report of a case with exacerbation of a cutaneous neoplasm during immunosuppressive therapy.
Follicular accentuation of leukocytoclastic vasculitis in an HIV-seropositive man. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Evaluation of right ventricular early diastolic filling by cine nuclear magnetic resonance imaging in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Identification of false positive exercise tests with use of electrocardiographic criteria: a possible role for atrial repolarization waves
Evaluation of antiarrhythmic drug effects with simultaneous analysis of single ventricular premature contractions, couplets and salvos.
Reduction in defibrillator shocks with an implantable device combining antitachycardia pacing and shock therapy.
Clinical course of idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy in children
Results of balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty as a palliative procedure in tetralogy of Fallot
Double-outlet right ventricle: morphologic demonstration using nuclear magnetic resonance imaging.
Junctional tachycardias: anatomic substrate and its significance in ablative procedures.
Laser balloon angioplasty: clinical, angiographic and histologic results.
Evaluation and management of patients with both peripheral vascular and coronary artery disease.
Limitation of no reflow injury by blood-free reperfusion with oxygenated perfluorochemical (Fluosol-DA 20%).
Effect of superoxide dismutase on infarct size and postischemic recovery of myocardial contractility and metabolism in dogs
Quantitative relation between increased intrapericardial pressure and Doppler flow velocities during experimental cardiac tamponade.
Experimental cardiac tamponade: a hemodynamic and Doppler echocardiographic reexamination of the relation of right and left heart ejection dynamics to the phase of respiration.
Positron emission tomography demonstrates that coronary sinus retroperfusion can restore regional myocardial perfusion and preserve metabolism.
Synchronized coronary venous retroperfusion for support and salvage of ischemic myocardium during elective and failed angioplasty.
Coronary venous retroperfusion support during high risk angioplasty in patients with unstable angina: preliminary experience.
Percutaneous cooling of ischemic myocardium by hypothermic retroperfusion of autologous arterial blood: effects on regional myocardial temperature distribution and infarct size.
Increased plasma endothelin-1 in the early hours of acute myocardial infarction.
Assessment of coronary artery patency after thrombolytic therapy: accurate prediction utilizing the combined analysis of three noninvasive markers.
Epicardial coronary artery tone and reactivity in patients with normal coronary arteriograms and reduced coronary flow reserve (syndrome X)
Evaluation of pulmonary venous flow by transesophageal echocardiography in subjects with a normal heart: comparison with transthoracic echocardiography
Influence of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia on the pattern of left ventricular diastolic filling: a Doppler echocardiographic study
Application of Doppler color flow imaging to determine valve area in mitral stenosis.
Comparison of the findings on preoperative dipyridamole perfusion scintigraphy and intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography: implications regarding the identification of myocardium at ischemic risk.
Copper deficiency in a genetically hypertensive cardiomyopathic rat: electrocardiogram, functional and ultrastructural aspects.
Radiofrequency current catheter ablation of accessory atrioventricular pathways.
Physical activity and reduced occurrence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Central retinal and posterior ciliary artery occlusion after particle embolization of the external carotid artery system.
Color Doppler imaging provides accurate assessment of orbital blood flow in occlusive carotid artery disease.
Sinus bradycardia related to temporomandibular joint surgery.
Cardiac reperfusion damage prevented by a nitroxide free radical.
Effect of acupuncture-point stimulation on diastolic blood pressure in hypertensive subjects: a preliminary study.
Assessment of normal and abnormal erectile function: color Doppler flow sonography versus conventional techniques.
Gonadal vein thrombosis in patients with acute gastrointestinal inflammation: diagnosis with CT.
Acute, subacute, and chronic myocardial infarction: quantitative analysis of gadolinium-enhanced MR images.
Myocardial infarction: assessment with an intravascular MR contrast medium. Work in progress.
Repair of coarctation of the aorta in children: postoperative morphology.
Effect of positive end-expiratory pressure on intra-abdominal pressure.
Solitary extradural cavernous hemangiomas in the spinal canal. Report of five cases.
Serial angiography in a spontaneous dissecting anterior cerebral artery aneurysm.
Dietary calcium supplementation as a treatment for mild hypertension.
Calcium antagonists: an overview.
Left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertension.
Drug-induced modification of vascular structure: effects of antihypertensive drugs.
The epinephrine-blood platelet connection with special reference to essential hypertension.
Heterogeneous interference of nicardipine, verapamil, and diltiazem with forearm arteriolar responsiveness to adrenergic stimulation in hypertensive patients.
Controlled multicenter double-blind trial of nicardipine in the treatment of primary Raynaud phenomenon. French Cooperative Multicenter Group for Raynaud Phenomenon, Paris, France.
Management of hypertensive emergencies: changing therapeutic options.
Effect of the calcium antagonist nicardipine hydrochloride on glucose tolerance and insulin secretion.
Clinical benefits of structural and functional changes with calcium antagonists.
Dietary calcium and blood pressure: modifying factors in specific populations.
Calcium-regulating hormones in hypertension: vascular actions.
Dietary Ca2+ prevents NaCl-sensitive hypertension in spontaneously hypertensive rats via sympatholytic and renal effects.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and low birth weight: the role of calcium.
Does cigarette smoking have an independent effect on coronary heart disease incidence in the elderly?
The use of direct mail to increase clinician knowledge: an intervention study.
Traumatic asphyxia and blunt cardiac injury: case report and selected review.
Herniated cervical disk presenting as ischemic chest pain.
Determinants of successful transthoracic defibrillation and outcome in ventricular fibrillation.
A quantitative histopathological study of right bundle branch block complicating acute anteroseptal myocardial infarction.
Histopathological validation of high frequency epicardial echocardiography of the coronary arteries in vitro.
Myocardial infarction in childhood: clinical analysis of 17 cases and medium term follow up of survivors.
Influence of physical exercise on serum digoxin concentration and heart rate in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Jugular venous 'a' wave in dilated cardiomyopathy: sign of abbreviated right ventricular filling time.
Balloon dilatation of restrictive interatrial communications in congenital heart disease.
Pericardial haemorrhage causing right atrial compression after cardiac surgery: role of transoesophageal echocardiography.
Isovolumic relaxation sound: a new class of added heart sound?
Early constrictive pericarditis and anemia after Dressler's syndrome and inferior wall myocardial infarction.
Impaired diastolic function and coronary reserve in genetic hypertension. Role of interstitial fibrosis and medial thickening of intramyocardial coronary arteries.
Priming by platelet-activating factor of endotoxin-induced lung injury and cardiovascular shock.
Diminished tolerance of prehypertrophic, cardiomyopathic Syrian hamster hearts to Ca2+ stresses.
Effects of acidic fibroblast growth factor on normal and ischemic myocardium.
Nosocomial pneumonia in the critically ill: product of aspiration or translocation?
Lipolytic response to metabolic stress in critically ill patients.
Electromechanical dissociation in newborns treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation: an extreme form of cardiac stun syndrome.
Sleep apnea in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Temporal changes in the occurrence of hemorrhoids in the United States and England.
Significance of atherosclerotic changes of the ascending aorta during coronary bypass surgery with intraoperative detection by echography.
Aortic dissection type A surgery: Doppler sonography to evaluate correct carotid artery perfusion during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Application of intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography in infants and small children.
A rare complication of mitral valve replacement. Intraoperative fracture of the right fibrous trigone following a superior approach to the left atrium. Case report.
A case of cardiac hydatid cyst localized on the interventricular septum and causing pulmonary emboli.
Aortic valve reconstruction in Rubinstein-Taybi-syndrome: the valuable aid of transesophageal echocardiography.
Obliterations of the proximal subclavian artery: to bypass or to anastomose?
Surgical treatment and prevention of vasculopathic impotence in conjunction with revascularisation of the lower extremities in Leriche's syndrome.
Post stenotic aneurysm in popliteal artery entrapment syndrome.
A modified technique of pre-operative aortography to demonstrate the complete arterial tree of the lower limb.
The "ultraperipheral" revascularization in arteriosclerotic obstruction of tibial vessels. Experimental study.
Takayasu's disease and atherosclerosis.
Mycotic aneurysm of the celiac trunk and superior mesenteric artery in a case of infective endocarditis.
Strut fracture after Greenfield filter placement.
Sarcoplasmic reticulum-associated cyclic adenosine 5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase activity in normal and failing human hearts.
Skeletal actin mRNA increases in the human heart during ontogenic development and is the major isoform of control and failing adult hearts.
The rapid and reversible activation of a calcium-independent plasmalogen-selective phospholipase A2 during myocardial ischemia.
Treatment with recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-alpha protects rats against the lethality, hypotension, and hypothermia of gram-negative sepsis.
Contributions of [Ca2+]i, [Pi]i, and pHi to altered diastolic myocyte tone during partial metabolic inhibition.
Preventive practices for adult cardiovascular disease in children.
Central arteriovenous malformations of the maxillofacial skeleton: case report.
Cardiovascular evaluation in blunt thoracic trauma using transesophageal echocardiography (TEE).
Ischemic necrosis: a hypothesis to explain the pathogenesis of spontaneously ruptured enterocystoplasty.
Mixed acid fermentation of glucose as a mechanism of emphysematous urinary tract infection.
A meta-analysis of low-dose aspirin for the prevention of pregnancy-induced hypertensive disease.
Percutaneous transjugular portosystemic shunt.
Alpha-blocker therapy of hypertension. An unfulfilled promise.
Seasonal variations in fibrinogen concentrations among elderly people.
Progressive vs single-stage treadmill tests for evaluation of claudication.
Differences in the use of procedures between women and men hospitalized for coronary heart disease
Sex differences in the management of coronary artery disease. Survival and Ventricular Enlargement Investigators
Effect of enalapril on survival in patients with reduced left ventricular ejection fractions and congestive heart failure. The SOLVD Investigators
A comparison of enalapril with hydralazine-isosorbide dinitrate in the treatment of chronic congestive heart failure
Cystoid macular edema secondary to juxtafoveolar telangiectasis in Coats' disease.
Survival after neonatal myocardial infarction.
North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy Trial. Methods, patient characteristics, and progress.
Fourier analysis of the cerebrovascular system.
Transesophageal echocardiography in the detection of potential cardiac source of embolism in stroke patients.
Enhanced detection of intracardiac sources of cerebral emboli by transesophageal echocardiography.
Effect of elevated plasma norepinephrine on electrocardiographic changes in subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Atrial fibrillation as a risk factor for deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary emboli in stroke patients.
Gentamicin and vancomycin removal by continuous venovenous hemofiltration.
Caring for older patients with high blood pressure.
Comparison of serial quantitative evaluation of calcified coronary artery plaque by ultrafast computed tomography in persons with and without obstructive coronary artery disease.
Usefulness of early versus late programmed ventricular stimulation in acute myocardial infarction.
Relation of left ventricular volume and function over one year after acute myocardial infarction to infarct size determined by technetium-99m sestamibi.
Effects of a multidimensional cardiopulmonary rehabilitation program on psychosocial function.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous sotalol for termination of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia. The Sotalol Versus Placebo Multicenter Study Group.
Prediction of uneventful cardioversion and maintenance of sinus rhythm from direct-current electrical cardioversion of chronic atrial fibrillation and flutter.
Clinical and angiographic observations on resuscitated victims of exercise-related sudden ischemic death.
Left ventricular diastolic filling alterations in normotensive young adults with a family history of systemic hypertension.
Left ventricular filling in the systemic hypertension of obesity.
Effect of bisoprolol on blood pressure and arterial hemodynamics in systemic hypertension.
Evolution of myocardial ischemia and left ventricular function in patients with angina pectoris without myocardial infarction and total occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery and collaterals from other coronary arteries.
Difference in mortality between patients treated with captopril or enalapril in the Xamoterol in Severe Heart Failure Study
Determinants of one-year outcome from balloon aortic valvuloplasty.
Relation between myocardial beta-adrenergic receptor and left ventricular function in patients with left ventricular volume overload due to chronic mitral regurgitation with or without aortic regurgitation.
Echocardiographic evidence for the existence of a distinct diabetic cardiomyopathy (the Framingham Heart Study).
The changing pattern of infective endocarditis in childhood.
Abnormal left ventricular diastolic filling in eccentric left ventricular hypertrophy of obesity.
Effects of handrail support on claudication and hemodynamic responses to single-stage and progressive treadmill protocols in peripheral vascular occlusive disease.
A new provocative test for chronic mesenteric ischemia.
Effect of chronic ethanol feeding on high density lipoprotein subfractions in rats.
Postmortem studies of the heart in three fatal cases of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Potassium depletion exacerbates essential hypertension.
Outcome of patients with acute myocardial infarction who are ineligible for thrombolytic therapy.
Rocker-soled shoes and walking distance in patients with calf claudication.
Myocardial and aerobic requirements for an upper body exerciser: implications for cardiac rehabilitation.
Atrial fibrillation associated with autonomic dysreflexia in patients with tetraplegia.
Cardiac pacemaker in high spinal cord injury.
Basal ganglia mass lesions in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Microalbuminuria in patients with essential hypertension. Effects of an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor and of a calcium channel blocker.
A double-blind crossover study of the effect of concomitant diuretic therapy in hypertensive patients treated with amlodipine.
Plasma endothelin in human essential hypertension.
Effects of substance P on norepinephrine release from vascular adrenergic neurons in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Are angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition and aldosterone antagonism equivalent in hypertensive patients over fifty?
Assessment of quality of life by patient and spouse during antihypertensive therapy with atenolol and nifedipine gastrointestinal therapeutic system.
What is the role of the central nervous system in mineralocorticoid hypertension?
Role of endogenous endothelin in the development of hypertension in rats.
Platelet angiotensin II binding sites in normotensive and hypertensive women.
Maternal and fetal haemodynamics in hypertensive pregnancies during maternal treatment with intravenous hydralazine or labetalol.
Hormone replacement therapy in general practice: a survey of doctors in the MRC's general practice research framework.
Decline in ischaemic heart disease in Iceland and change in risk factor levels.
In situ venous valve construction.
Five-year vascular audit from a district hospital.
Vasodilatory capacity of the skin in venous disease and its relationship to transcutaneous oxygen tension.
Comparison of duplex ultrasonography and venography in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis.
Limitations of ultrasonography in surveillance of small abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Haemodynamic significance of incompetent calf perforating veins.
Preoperative evaluation of the cardiac patient for noncardiac surgery.
Histopathologic validation of angioscopy and intravascular ultrasound.
HDL, HDL2, and HDL3 subfractions, and the risk of acute myocardial infarction. A prospective population study in eastern Finnish men.
Relation of arteriographically defined coronary artery disease to serum lipoprotein particles mapped with monoclonal antibodies.
Racial (black-white) differences in serum lipoprotein (a) distribution and its relation to parental myocardial infarction in children. Bogalusa Heart Study.
Hemodynamic effects of octreotide in patients with autonomic neuropathy.
Effects of drive train stimulus intensity on ventricular refractoriness in humans.
Electrogram patterns predictive of successful catheter ablation of accessory pathways. Value of unipolar recording mode.
Coronary capillaries in patients with congestive cardiomyopathy or angina pectoris with patent main coronary arteries. Ultrastructural morphometry of endomyocardial biopsy samples.
Comparative effects of pacing-induced and balloon coronary occlusion ischemia on left ventricular diastolic function in man.
Assessment of left atrial appendage function by transesophageal echocardiography. Implications for the development of thrombus.
Prediction of outcome after mitral valve replacement in patients with symptomatic chronic mitral regurgitation. The importance of left atrial size.
Chronic beta-adrenoceptor blockade prevents the development of beta-adrenergic subsensitivity in experimental right-sided congestive heart failure in dogs.
Ventricular tachycardia after in vivo DC shock ablation in dogs. Electrophysiologic and histologic correlation.
Protein C activation following coronary artery occlusion in the in situ porcine heart
Canine myocardial creatine kinase isoenzymes after chronic coronary artery occlusion.
Preconditioning causes improved wall motion as well as smaller infarcts after transient coronary occlusion in rabbits.
Protection against infarction afforded by preconditioning is mediated by A1 adenosine receptors in rabbit heart.
Activation of cardiac sympathetic afferents during coronary occlusion. Evidence for reflex activation of sympathetic nervous system during transmural myocardial ischemia in the dog.
Arrhythmogenic effects of graded coronary blood flow reductions superimposed on prior myocardial infarction in dogs.
Effects of short-term, diet-induced hypercholesterolemia on systemic hemodynamics, myocardial blood flow, and infarct size in awake dogs with acute myocardial infarction.
Reversible and irreversible elongation of ischemic, infarcted, and healed myocardium in response to increases in preload and afterload.
Prognostic significance of atrial fibrillation in advanced heart failure. A study of 390 patients.
Neutrophil accumulation in ischemic canine myocardium. Insights into time course, distribution, and mechanism of localization during early reperfusion.
Diastolic perfusion time at ischemic threshold in patients with stress-induced ischemia
Effect of ST segment measurement point on performance of standard and heart rate-adjusted ST segment criteria for the identification of coronary artery disease
A fatality after antipyrine administration.
Resting energy expenditure in chronic cardiac failure.
Clinical significance of pericardial rub with regional ventricular dilatation.
Maximal sniff mouth pressure compared with maximal inspiratory pressure in acute respiratory failure.
Exercise testing and left main coronary artery stenosis. Can patients with left main disease be identified?
Isolated atrial infarction in a patients with single vessel disease of the sinus node artery.
Left main coronary artery and femoral artery vasospasm associated with cocaine use.
Coronary vasospasm secondary to labetalol in a patient with aortic dissection.
Cardiac angiosarcoma with ruptured right atrium diagnosed by echocardiography.
Ventricular tachycardia originating from the right ventricular free wall in a patient with an old myocardial infarction.
Late variation in ventricular function after myocardial infarction.
Subclinical cardiac dysfunction in sarcoidosis.
Major role for arterial disease in morbidity and mortality after kidney transplantation in diabetic recipients.
Diabetes Intervention Study. Multi-intervention trial in newly diagnosed NIDDM.
Hypercholesterolemia in diabetes and glucose intolerance in the U.S. population.
Glomerulopathy in patient with Donohue syndrome (leprechaunism).
Preventive maintenance of the aging heart.
Chronic periaortitis presenting as common bile duct obstruction.
Granulomatous vasculitis occurring after cutaneous herpes zoster despite absence of viral genome.
The management of geriatric hypertension in health maintenance organizations.
Dysfibrinogenemia associated with thrombosis and third-trimester fetal loss. A case report.
Intraarterial drug abuse: new treatment options.
Spontaneous thrombosis of iatrogenic femoral artery pseudoaneurysms: documentation with color Doppler and two-dimensional ultrasonography.
Systemic hypertension alters vasomotor function in experimental vein grafts.
Temporary closure of the abdominal wall by use of silicone rubber sheets after operative repair of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Urinary cotinine measurement in patients with Buerger's disease--effects of active and passive smoking on the disease process.
Systemic effects of collagen-impregnated aortoiliac Dacron vascular prostheses on platelet activation and fibrin formation.
Intermittent claudication as a manifestation of silent myocardial ischemia: a pilot study.
Angiosarcoma at the site of a Dacron vascular prosthesis: a case report and literature review.
Spontaneous common iliac arteriovenous fistula manifested by acute renal failure: a case report.
A prospective study of aspirin use and primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women
Selection bias in the use of thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction. The SAVE Investigators.
A statewide early defibrillation initiative including laypersons and outcome reporting.
Variation of initial serum bilirubin rise in newborn infants with type of illness.
Cardiovascular disease, motor-vehicle-related injury, and use of clinical preventive services--behavioral risk factor surveillance system, 1989.
A prospective study of cholesterol, apolipoproteins, and the risk of myocardial infarction.
Cilioretinal artery occlusion in young adults with central retinal vein occlusion.
Transient corneal opacification induced by cold in Raynaud's disease.
Grading diabetic retinopathy from stereoscopic color fundus photographs--an extension of the modified Airlie House classification. ETDRS report number 10. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Fundus photographic risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy. ETDRS report number 12. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Health benefits of aerobic exercise.
Management of hypertension. Useful nonpharmacologic measures.
Vasculitis. A practical approach to management.
Preventing death after traumatic rupture of the aorta. A chest film may help save a life.
How much testing is needed after myocardial infarction?
Functional complementation of ataxia-telangiectasia group D (AT-D) cells by microcell-mediated chromosome transfer and mapping of the AT-D locus to the region 11q22-23.
Systemic and pulmonary circulatory effects of protamine following cardiopulmonary bypass in man.
Dilatation of ascending aorta in patients with repaired coarctation.
Early results of aortic valve replacement with or without concomitant coronary artery bypass grafting.
Valve replacement for calcified aortic stenosis in septuagenarians infers normal life-length.
Continuous vectorcardiography in cardiac surgery: natural course of vector changes and relationship to myocardial oxygen uptake.
Myocardial lactate dehydrogenase and its isoenzyme activities in transplanted human hearts.
Visceral and peripheral tissue perfusion after cardiac surgery.
Late cardiac tamponade after open-heart surgery.
Revascularization of infarcted vs. viable myocardium. Effects on symptoms, physical performance and global/regional left ventricular function.
Revascularization of infarcted myocardium. Effect on myocardial perfusion assessed with quantified Tl-201 SPECT technique.
Does ventricular dysfunction occur during liver transplantation?
Ventricular dysfunction does occur during liver transplantation.
Impaired suppression of plasma norepinephrine during head-down tilt in patients with congestive heart failure.
Effect of antireceptor antibodies in dilated cardiomyopathy on the cycling of cardiac beta receptors.
Modulation of catecholamine cardiomyopathy by allopurinol.
Left ventricular mass in childhood dilated cardiomyopathy: a possible predictor for selection of patients for cardiac transplantation.
Dependency of the pulsed Doppler-derived transmitral filling profile on the sampling site.
Mechanisms of failure of mitral valve repair: an echocardiographic study.
Noninvasive detection of functionally significant coronary artery stenoses with exercise and positron emission tomography.
Intravascular ultrasound imaging of human coronary arteries after percutaneous transluminal angioplasty: morphologic and quantitative assessment.
Adenosine thallium 201 myocardial perfusion scintigraphy.
Mixed venous oxygen saturation as a guide to tissue oxygenation and prognosis in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Single-photon emission computed tomographic thallium imaging with adenosine, dipyridamole, and exercise.
Use of adenosine echocardiography for diagnosis of coronary artery disease.
Adenosine in myocardial perfusion imaging using positron emission tomography.
Effect of cardiopulmonary support on regional and global left ventricular function during transient coronary occlusion.
Coronary angioplasty in single-vessel complex lesions: short- and long-term outcome and factors predicting acute coronary occlusion.
Evaluation of restenosis after balloon dilatation in adult aortic stenosis by repeat catheterization.
Assessment of the extent of jeopardized myocardium during acute coronary artery occlusion followed by reperfusion in man using technetium-99m isonitrile imaging.
Low-energy catheter electrical ablation for sustained ventricular tachycardia.
Hemodynamic effects and tolerability of intravenous amiodarone in patients with impaired left ventricular function.
Outcome of patients who were admitted to a new short-stay unit to "rule-out" myocardial infarction.
Beneficial effect of long-term beta blockade after acute myocardial infarction in patients without anterograde flow in the infarct artery.
Diurnal variations of neurocardiac rhythms in acute myocardial infarction.
Older age and elevated blood pressure are risk factors for intracerebral hemorrhage after thrombolysis.
Early prediction of acute myocardial infarction from clinical history, examination and electrocardiogram in the emergency room.
Usefulness of severity of myocardial ischemia on exercise testing in predicting the severity of myocardial ischemia during daily activities.
Systemic neurohumoral activation and vasoconstriction during pacing-induced acute myocardial ischemia in patients with stable angina pectoris.
Frequency of low serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in hospitalized patients with "desirable" total cholesterol levels.
Late follow-up after repair of left ventricular aneurysm and (usually) associated coronary bypass grafting.
Radiation exposure of pediatric patients and physicians during cardiac catheterization and balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty.
Ability of high-intensity ultrasound to ablate human atherosclerotic plaques and minimize debris size.
Cerebrovascular malformation causing sudden death. Analysis of three cases and review of the literature.
Death by embolization of prosthetic aortic valve.
Hypertension as a causative diagnosis of patients entering end-stage renal disease programs in the United States from 1980 to 1986.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the therapeutic use of recombinant human erythropoietin for anemia associated with chronic renal failure in predialysis patients. The US Recombinant Human Erythropoietin Predialysis Study Group [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Sep;18(3):420]
Patient and technique survival among an urban population of peritoneal dialysis patients: an 8-year experience.
Septic shock.
Bypass grafting to the popliteal artery in limbs with occluded crural arteries.
Computed tomographic scan confirmation of paraprosthetic enteric fistula.
Color Doppler ultrasound imaging in iatrogenic arterial injuries.
Late follow-up of carotid endarterectomy with venous patch angioplasty.
Hydroxyethyl starch macromolecule and superoxide dismutase effects on myocardial reperfusion injury.
Systemic toxicity of ropivacaine during ovine pregnancy.
Intravenous adenosine in the emergency department management of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
High-dose epinephrine improves the return of spontaneous circulation rates in human victims of cardiac arrest.
Comparison of standard external CPR, open-chest CPR, and cardiopulmonary bypass in a canine myocardial infarct model.
Limitations of open-chest cardiac massage after prolonged, untreated cardiac arrest in dogs.
Abnormalities of pathways of fibrin turnover in the human pleural space.
Scanning electron microscopic study of microaneurysms in the diabetic retina.
Intracavernous carotid artery aneurysm presenting as recurrent epistaxis.
Differential pathophysiology of bacterial translocation after thermal injury and sepsis.
Management and long-term outcome of aortic dissection.
Delayed presentation and treatment of popliteal artery embolism.
National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group report on hypertension and chronic renal failure.
Report of the Council on Scientific Affairs: ultrasonic imaging of the heart: report of the Ultrasonography Task Force.
Excess mortality associated with diuretic therapy in diabetes mellitus
Does racial variation in risk factors explain black-white differences in the incidence of hypertensive end-stage renal disease?
QRS interval fails to predict coronary disease incidence. The Framingham Study.
The treatment of mild hypertension study. A randomized, placebo-controlled trial of a nutritional-hygienic regimen along with various drug monotherapies. The Treatment of Mild Hypertension Research Group.
Fact and fancy. What can we really tell from the placenta?
Acute atherosis in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, small-for-gestational-age infants, and diabetes mellitus.
Proportionate mortality trends: 1950 through 1986
Comparison of speed of onset of analgesic effect of diamorphine and morphine.
Dose-related effects of isoflurane associated with low plasma concentrations of verapamil on global and regional function in normal and compromised canine myocardium.
Haemodynamic considerations in the management of patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Perioperative stroke. Part II: Cardiac surgery and cardiogenic embolic stroke.
Idiopathic orthostatic hypotension, midodrine, and anaesthesia.
Supraventricular tachycardia associated with continuous furosemide infusion.
Increased Na(+)-H+ exchange in jejunal brush border membrane vesicles of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Idiopathic myointimal hyperplasia of mesenteric veins.
Analysis of adhesion molecules in the immunopathogenesis of giant cell arteritis.
Budd-Chiari syndrome in Israel: predisposing factors, prognosis, and early identification of high-risk patients.
Adenylate cyclase activity in various components of the sarcoplasmic reticulum: a cytochemical study of ventricular biopsies from diseased human hearts.
Cardiac resuscitation by extracorporeal circulation after failure of conventional CPR.
Functional, biochemical, and histopathologic consequences of high-dose interleukin-2 administration in rats.
Pathogenetic mechanism of stroke in non-valvular atrial fibrillation: follow-up of stroke patients with and without atrial fibrillation.
Cardiovascular risk factors in young snuff-users and cigarette smokers.
Cardiovascular risk factors in primary hyperparathyroidism: a 15-year follow-up of operated and unoperated cases.
Coronary artery vasoregulation and left ventricular function in patients with angina pectoris-like pain and normal coronary angiograms.
Coffee, coronary heart disease and mortality in middle-aged Swedish men: findings from the Primary Prevention Study.
Azygos vein laceration due to blunt trauma.
Epidemiological characteristics of subarachnoid hemorrhage in an urban population.
Prevalence of Raynaud's phenomenon in Japanese males and females.
Assessment of myocardial damage in dilated-phase hypertrophic cardiomyopathy by using indium-111-antimyosin Fab myocardial scintigraphy.
The comparison of 2-18F-2-deoxyglucose and 15-(ortho-123I-phenyl)-pentadecanoic acid uptake in persisting defects on thallium-201 tomography in myocardial infarction.
Use of technetium-HMPAO to demonstrate changes in cerebral blood flow reserve following carotid endarterectomy.
Cardiovascular and antiarrhythmic effects of esmolol in children.
Natural anticoagulants in systemic lupus erythematosus. Deficiency of protein S bound to C4bp associates with recent history of venous thromboses, antiphospholipid antibodies, and the antiphospholipid syndrome.
Alterations of the nailfold capillary morphology associated with Raynaud phenomenon in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Longterm followup after treatment of polyarteritis nodosa and Churg-Strauss angiitis with comparison of steroids, plasma exchange and cyclophosphamide to steroids and plasma exchange. A prospective randomized trial of 71 patients. The Cooperative Study Group for Polyarteritis Nodosa
Hemobilia due to vasculitis of the gall bladder in a patient with mixed connective tissue disease.
Budd-Chiari syndrome in association with Behcet's disease.
Glomerular hypertension in renovascular hypertensive patients.
Diagnosis and monitoring of subarachnoid hemorrhage by transcranial color-coded real-time sonography.
"Ex vivo" release of eicosanoid from human brain tissue: its relevance in the development of brain edema.
Venous thromboembolism after brain tumor surgery: a retrospective review.
Dissecting aneurysms of the posterior inferior cerebellar artery.
Aneurysm of the distal anterior inferior cerebellar artery unrelated to the cerebellopontine angle: case report.
Neurologic complications of infective endocarditis.
Scintillating scotomata associated with internal carotid artery dissection: report of three cases.
Effect of mild hyperthermia on the ischemic infarct volume after middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat.
Two cases of neoplastic angioendotheliomatosis presenting with myelopathy.
Purification of parathyroid hypertensive factor from plasma of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Radiologic evaluation of aortic dissection.
Renal artery stenosis: preliminary results of treatment with the Strecker stent.
Lower-extremity vascular grafts placed for peripheral vascular disease: prospective evaluation with duplex Doppler sonography.
US-guided venipuncture for venography in the edematous leg.
Diagnostic and prognostic importance of comparing the initial to the previous electrocardiogram in patients admitted for suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Noncardiac chest pain in patients with heart disease.
Outpatient liver biopsy: one man's experience.
Myocardial calcifications in neonates and infants: a unique tissue reaction.
The paradox of 'chronic unstable angina' secondary to an organizing intracoronary thrombus [published erratum appears in South Med J 1991 Sep;84(9):1074, 1160]
Dental chair apoplexy.
Nocturnal airflow obstruction, histamine, and the autonomic central nervous system in children with allergic asthma.
Rare intrathoracic complications in acute pancreatitis.
Idioventricular rhythm: hypervagotonia associated with placebo.
Quinapril: a new second-generation ACE inhibitor.
Neural network analysis of serial cardiac enzyme data. A clinical application of artificial machine intelligence.
The human hematopoietic progenitor cell antigen (CD34) in vascular neoplasia.
Beta-Lactam-beta-lactamase-inhibitor combinations are active in experimental endocarditis caused by beta-lactamase-producing oxacillin-resistant staphylococci.
Teicoplanin pharmacokinetics in intravenous drug abusers being treated for bacterial endocarditis.
Mortality among petrochemical science and engineering employees.
Pediatric heart transplantation for congenital heart disease and cardiomyopathy.
Influence of allopurinol on cardiac complications in open heart operations.
Triiodothyronine-enhanced left ventricular function after ischemic injury.
Internal mammary artery to lung parenchyma fistula after aortocoronary bypass grafting.
Bilateral internal mammary artery grafts in reoperative and primary coronary bypass surgery
Complete repair of atrioventricular septal defect.
Atrioventricular septal defect repair in infants.
Composite graft repair of Marfan aneurysm of the ascending aorta: results in 100 patients.
Ultrasonic decalcification of the aortic annulus during aortic valve replacement.
Mitral valve repair in the extensively calcified mitral valve annulus.
Management of ventricular septal defect with associated aortic incompetence.
Experimental model of left ventricular failure.
Influence of type of prosthesis on late results after combined mitral-aortic valve replacement.
Excess mortality among 3302 patients with 'pure' anxiety neurosis.
Racial differences in HLA antigen frequency and hypertensive renal failure.
Intestinal absorption of calcium and calcium metabolism in patients with essential hypertension and normal renal function.
Neurohumoral and metabolic effects of short-term dietary NaCl restriction in men. Relationship to salt-sensitivity status
Influence of environmental temperature on the blood pressure of hypertensive patients in Montreal.
Isolated T-wave abnormalities and evaluation of left ventricular wall motion after nifedipine for severe hypertension.
Mechanism of cyclosporine-induced hypertension.
Parathyroid hypertensive factor, a circulating factor in animal and human hypertension.
Plasma antigen levels of the lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor in patient samples.
Cerebrovascular events after myocardial infarction: analysis of the GISSI trial. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Streptochinasi nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI).
Quickscan: Doppler ultrasound emulation of angiography--its value prior to arteriography in peripheral vascular disease.
Deep vein thrombosis: effect of graduated compression stockings on distension of the deep veins of the calf.
Intra-arterial streptokinase infusion in acute lower limb ischaemia.
Recent trends in acute care hospital utilization in Ontario for diseases of the circulatory system.
Intrapericardial OK-432 instillation for the management of malignant pericardial effusion.
Coronary arteriography in patients with dextrocardia.
Accordion effect in tortuous right coronary arteries during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Accordion right coronary artery: an unusual complication of PTCA guidewire entrapment.
Subacute bilateral coronary ostial stenoses following cardiac catheterization and PTCA.
Lack of evidence for small vessel disease in a patient with "slow dye progression" in the coronary arteries.
Coronary artery narrowing due to extrinsic compression by myocardial abscess.
Coronary focal ectasia formation following percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
Successful angioplasty of a chronically occluded saphenous vein graft using a prolonged urokinase infusion from the brachial route.
Case report of a coronary anomaly: crossing obtuse marginal arteries.
Congestive heart failure secondary to an arteriovenous fistula from cardiac catheterization and angioplasty.
In vivo thrombus formation on a guidewire during intravascular ultrasound imaging: evidence for inadequate heparinization.
Simplified formula for the calculation of mitral valve area: potential inaccuracies in patients with tachycardia.
Angioplasty of long or tandem coronary artery lesions using a new longer balloon dilatation catheter: a comparative study.
Rapid thrombus dissolution by continuous infusion of urokinase through an intracoronary perfusion wire prior to and following PTCA: results in native coronaries and patent saphenous vein grafts.
Coronary angioplasty using new 6 French guiding catheters.
Childhood haemangiomas of the head and neck.
Internal jugular vein thrombosis after ovulation induction with gonadotropins.
Endoscopic assessment of mucosal hemodynamic changes in a canine model of gastric ulcer.
Comparison of thermodilution and transthoracic electrical bioimpedance cardiac outputs.
Shower versus sink bath: evaluation of heart rate, blood pressure, and subjective response of the patient with myocardial infarction.
Predictors of physical functioning after a cardiac event.
Extraspinal causes of lumbosacral radiculopathy.
Is the serum cholesterol-coronary heart disease relationship modified by activity level in older persons?
Blood pressure, pulse, and neurohumoral responses to nitroprusside-induced hypotension in normotensive aging men.
Improved detection of hypotension by automated noninvasive blood pressure monitoring.
The effects of neurokinin A, neurokinin B, and eledoisin on substance P analysis.
Diagnostic relevance of trigeminal evoked potentials following infraorbital nerve stimulation.
Clipping of an aneurysm 20 years after encasement with methyl methacrylate. Case report.
Coronary vasospasm following subarachnoid hemorrhage as a cause of stunned myocardium. Case report.
Identification of the proximal neck of giant paraclinoidal aneurysms. Technical note.
Hereditary angioneurotic edema in the puerperium. A case report.
2-D echocardiography: emergent use in the evaluation of penetrating precordial trauma.
Pyridostigmine used as a nerve agent pretreatment under wartime conditions.
Effects of dynamic cardiomyoplasty on left ventricular performance and myocardial mechanics in dilated cardiomyopathy.
Left ventricular function changes after cardiomyoplasty in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Anatomic correction of transposition of the great arteries with ventricular septal defect. Experience with 118 cases.
Preservation of aortic valve in type A aortic dissection complicated by aortic regurgitation.
Reversibility of blue-gray cutaneous discoloration from amiodarone.
von Willebrand factor and animal models: contributions to gene therapy, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and coronary artery thrombosis.
Maternally inherited myopathy and cardiomyopathy: association with mutation in mitochondrial DNA tRNA(Leu)(UUR).
Pulse sounds and measurement of diastolic blood pressure in children.
Aortic distensibility in patients with isolated hypercholesterolaemia, coronary artery disease, or cardiac transplant.
Prolonged QT interval and risk of sudden death in South-East Asian men.
Norepinephrine response to exercise of rats with a chronic myocardial infarction.
Mentally retarded individuals--a population at risk?
Effects of a minimally supervised exercise program for mentally retarded adults.
Beneficial effect of carotid endarterectomy in symptomatic patients with high-grade carotid stenosis. North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy Trial Collaborators
The effects on plasma lipoproteins of a prudent weight-reducing diet, with or without exercise, in overweight men and women.
Preservation of skeletal muscle in tissue transfers using rat hindlimbs.
Impedance plethysmography: a new method for continuous muscle perfusion monitoring.
Arterial T and Y grafts.
Family history in patients with transient ischemic attacks.
Epidemiology of subarachnoid hemorrhage in Finland from 1983 to 1985.
Role of platelet function in symptomatic cerebral vasospasm following aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Reduction of central nervous system ischemic injury in rabbits using leukocyte adhesion antibody treatment.
Effects of U74006F on multifocal cerebral blood flow and metabolism after cardiac arrest in dogs.
Magnesium sulfate reverses experimental delayed cerebral vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage in rats.
Microangiopathy of the brain, retina, and ear: improvement without immunosuppressive therapy.
Diagnosis of portal vein thrombosis: value of color Doppler imaging.
MR imaging of the portal venous system: value of gradient-echo imaging as an adjunct to spin-echo imaging.
Color Doppler sonography in the evaluation of erectile dysfunction: patterns of temporal response to papaverine.
Carotid duplex sonography: bisferious pulse contour in patients with aortic valvular disease.
The prevalence of autoantibodies during third-trimester pregnancy complicated by hypertension or idiopathic fetal growth retardation.
A life-threatening sexually transmitted Haemophilus influenzae in septic abortion: a case report.
Porencephalic cyst: a complication of fetal intravascular transfusion.
Lipid deposition and intimal stress and strain. A study in rats with aortic stenosis.
Cardiac myofibroblasts express alpha smooth muscle actin during right ventricular pressure overload in the rabbit.
Base deficit as an indicator of significant abdominal injury.
Cardiac rupture secondary to blunt trauma: a rapidly diagnosable entity with two-dimensional echocardiography.
Blunt trauma-induced pacemaker failure.
Successful epicardial pacing in blunt trauma resuscitation.
A pseudoaneurysm of the superficial femoral artery as a late complication of a stab wound.
Cocaine and chest pain: clinical features and outcome of patients hospitalized to rule out myocardial infarction.
Hypertension in women: what is really known? The Women's Caucus, Working Group on Women's Health of the Society of General Internal Medicine.
Surveillance for recurrent stenosis after endovascular procedures. A prospective study.
Management of infected aortoiliac aneurysms.
Dipyridamole thallium scanning in the evaluation of coronary artery disease in elective abdominal aortic surgery.
Bleeding peptic ulcer after abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery.
Hepatobiliary complications of polyarteritis nodosa.
In vivo pharmacology of DuP 753.
Effects of DuP 753 on renal function of normotensive and spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Effects of the nonpeptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist DuP 753 on blood pressure and renal functions in spontaneously hypertensive PH dogs.
Hemodynamic effects of direct angiotensin II blockade compared to converting enzyme inhibition in rat model of heart failure.
DuP 753 increases survival in spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats fed a high sodium diet.
Angiotensin II receptor antagonist markedly reduces mortality in salt-loaded Dahl S rats.
Predicting left heart failure after a myocardial infarction: a preliminary study of the value of echocardiographic measures of left ventricular filling and wall motion.
Reference systems in echocardiographic quantitative wall motion analysis with registration of respiration.
Intraventricular blood flow during isovolumetric relaxation and diastole in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Respective timing of maximal color Doppler jet areas and of peak velocity of jets in left-sided valvular lesions: clinical implications.
Anomalous papillary muscle producing dynamic left ventricular outflow tract obstruction.
An acquired interatrial fistula secondary to para-aortic abscess documented by transesophageal echocardiography.
Thrombolytic treatment in acute myocardial infarction: neutrophil activation, peripheral leucocyte responses, and myocardial injury.
Aging, autonomic function, and the perception of angina.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and magnesium conservation in patients with congestive cardiac failure.
Intracardiac mobile thrombus and D-dimer fragment of fibrin in patients with mitral stenosis.
Familial Ebstein's anomaly: a report of six cases in two generations associated with mild skeletal abnormalities.
Influence of racial origin on admission rates of patients with suspected myocardial infarction in Birmingham.
Outcome of extensive coronary artery dissection during coronary angioplasty.
Plasma endothelin in coronary venous blood from patients with either stable or unstable angina.
Treatable blindness in temporal arteritis.
"Heartstart Scotland"--initial experience of a national scheme for out of hospital defibrillation.
Athletic participation after myocardial revascularization. Possibilities and benefits.
Effects of dietary Ca2+ on erythrocyte Na(+)-transport systems in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Enhancement of ischaemic rabbit skin flap survival with the antioxidant and free-radical scavenger N-acetylcysteine.
Posturally induced microvascular constriction in patients with different stages of leg ischaemia: effect of local skin heating.
Circulatory adaptation to orthostatic stress in healthy 10-14-year-old children investigated in a general practice.
Intracellular pH in rat resistance arteries during the development of experimental hypertension.
Comparison of the electrical properties of arterial smooth muscle in normotensive rats and rats with deoxycorticosterone acetate-salt-induced hypertension: possible involvement of (Na(+)-K(+)-Cl-) co-transport.
Bacteriology of the anal wound after open hemorrhoidectomy. Qualitative and quantitative analysis.
Small bowel tumours: yield of enteroscopy.
Issues, goals, and guidelines in selecting first-line drug therapy for hypertension.
Antihypertensive drug use. Trends in the United States from 1973 to 1985.
Traditional first-line therapy. Overview of medical benefits and side effects.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors. Present and future.
Blood pressure as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The Framingham Study--30 years of follow-up
alpha 1-antagonists in the treatment of hypertension.
Calcium channel blockers. Potential medical benefits and side effects.
Choosing initial therapy for hypertension. A personal view.
Alternatives to traditional first-line antihypertensive treatment: unresolved questions and therapeutic dilemmas. A personal approach.
Economic considerations that influence health policy and research.
Implications for research and policy in the treatment of hypertension. Medical considerations.
The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Workshop on antihypertensive drug treatment. The benefits, costs, and choices. Implications for research.
Hypertension as a risk factor for renal disease. Review of clinical and epidemiological evidence
Blood pressure (systolic and diastolic) and risk of fatal coronary heart disease
Antihypertensive drug therapy and survival by treatment status in a national survey.
Risks of untreated hypertension. A discussion [comment]
Controlled clinical trials of drug treatment for hypertension. A review.
Antihypertensive drug treatment. Potential, expected, and observed effects on stroke and on coronary heart disease.
Effect of risk status on treatment criteria. Implications of hypertension trials.
Diuretic agents versus beta-blockers. Comparison of effects on mortality, stroke, and coronary events.
Diuretic agents and beta-blockers in the treatment of hypertension.
Potential impact of exclusion criteria on results of hypertension trials.
Increased treatment of hypertension does not explain the decline in stroke mortality in the United States, 1970-1980.
Changes in hypertension treatment and in congestive heart failure mortality in the United States.
Prognostic value of serum creatinine and effect of treatment of hypertension on renal function. Results from the hypertension detection and follow-up program. The Hypertension Detection and Follow-up Program Cooperative Group.
Socioeconomic status in the epidemiology and treatment of hypertension.
Nonpharmacological therapy of hypertension. Commentary on diet and blood pressure.
Endocardial fibroelastosis in infants with hydrops fetalis.
The physician's responsibilities: residua and sequelae.
Prevalence and prognostic significance of silent and symptomatic ischemia after coronary bypass surgery: a report from the Coronary Artery Surgery Study (CASS) randomized population.
Canadian Atrial Fibrillation Anticoagulation (CAFA) Study.
Clinical, physiologic, anatomic and procedural factors predictive of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Congestive heart failure symptoms in patients with preserved left ventricular systolic function: analysis of the CASS registry.
Efficacy and safety of a short-term (6-h) intravenous infusion of dopexamine in patients with severe congestive heart failure: a randomized, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled multicenter study.
Diagnostic value of transesophageal compared with transthoracic echocardiography in infective endocarditis.
Left atrial spontaneous echo contrast: a clinical and echocardiographic analysis.
Myocardial ischemia during daily activities: the importance of increased myocardial oxygen demand.
Interactive effects of ST-T wave abnormalities on survival of patients with coronary artery disease.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy characterized by marked hypertrophy of the posterior left ventricular free wall: significance and clinical implications.
Effects of a meal on hemodynamic function at rest and during exercise in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Differential effects on right ventricular function of transient right, left anterior descending and left circumflex coronary occlusions during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Influence of contrast media on thrombus formation during coronary angioplasty
Parasympathetic withdrawal is an integral component of autonomic imbalance in congestive heart failure: demonstration in human subjects and verification in a paced canine model of ventricular failure.
Imaging of myocardial infarction in dogs and humans using monoclonal antibodies specific for human myosin heavy chains.
Respiratory muscle deoxygenation during exercise in patients with heart failure demonstrated with near-infrared spectroscopy.
Effect of peripheral cardiopulmonary bypass on left ventricular size, afterload and myocardial function during elective supported coronary angioplasty.
Influence of balloon size and stenosis morphology on immediate and delayed elastic recoil after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Transesophageal Doppler echocardiography of pulmonary venous flow: a new marker of mitral regurgitation severity.
Predictive accuracy of electrophysiologic localization of accessory pathways.
Intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography of atrioventricular septal defect.
Repetitive sinoatrial exit block as the major mechanism of drug-provoked long sinus or atrial pause.
Effect of long-term enalapril therapy on cardiopulmonary exercise performance in men with mild heart failure and previous myocardial infarction.
Pharmacokinetic analysis of coronary venous retroinfusion: a comparison with anterograde coronary artery drug administration using metoprolol as a tracer.
Coronary venous retroinfusion of deferoxamine reduces infarct size in pigs.
Cardioplegia by way of the coronary sinus for valvular and coronary surgery.
A community-based study of incidence, risk factors and outcome of transient ischaemic attacks in Umbria, Italy: the SEPIVAC study.
Smoking and hypertension: risk factors for carotid stenosis.
Pregnancy outcome in patients with high titer anti-RNP antibodies. A retrospective study of 40 pregnancies.
Giant cell arteritis presenting as limb claudication. Report and review of the literature.
Kaposi's sarcoma in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis possible responsibility of captopril in the development of lesions.
Resection of the inferior vena cava or intraluminal vena caval tumor thrombectomy during retroperitoneal lymph node dissection for metastatic germ cell cancer: indications and results.
Noninvasive radiological diagnosis of renal vein thrombosis in renal transplantation.
The use of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with aortic aneurysms.
The use of angioplasty, bypass surgery, and amputation in the management of peripheral vascular disease
Enhanced interstitial fluid adenosine attenuates myocardial stunning.
Induction of the protooncogene c-fos and recovery of cytosolic adenosine triphosphate in reperfused liver after transient warm ischemia: effect of nitrone free-radical spin-trap agents.
Pentoxifylline inhibits interleukin-2-induced leukocyte-endothelial adherence and reduces systemic toxicity.
Pretreatment with a nontoxic derivative of endotoxin induces functional protection against cardiac ischemia/reperfusion injury.
Aneurysm or occlusive disease--factors determining the clinical course of atherosclerosis of the infrarenal aorta.
Asbestos induced pericardial effusion and constrictive pericarditis.
Laser treatment of benign cutaneous vascular lesions.
Noninvasive diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis.
Early angioplasty in patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated by hypotension.
Intraaortic balloon pumping as the postangioplasty strategy in acute myocardial infarction.
Collateral circulation as a marker of the presence of viable myocardium in patients with recent myocardial infarction.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty of the left coronary artery in patients with chronic occlusion of the right coronary artery: clinical and functional results.
Effect of the degree of effort on exercise echocardiography for the detection of restenosis after coronary artery angioplasty.
Smoking and the risk of first acute myocardial infarction.
Absent left main coronary artery: angiographic findings in 83 patients with separate ostia of the left anterior descending and circumflex arteries at the left aortic sinus.
Comparative effect of heparin treatment with and without strenuous exercise on treadmill capacity in patients with stable effort angina.
Heart rate response during exercise testing and ambulatory ECG monitoring in patients with syndrome X.
Electrophysiologic and anatomic characteristics of ventricular tachycardia induced at the right ventricular outflow tract but not at the apex.
Concealed rhythms by double ventricular parasystole.
Late potentials are unaltered by ventricular filling pressure reduction in heart failure.
Frequency of deep venous thrombosis in asymptomatic patients with coronary artery bypass grafts.
Left ventricular outflow obstruction resulting from insertion of mitral prostheses leaving the native leaflets intact: adverse clinical outcome in seven patients.
Transesophageal color Doppler echocardiography of the normal St. Jude Medical mitral valve prosthesis.
Usefulness of transesophageal echocardiography in the diagnosis of conditions mimicking aortic dissection.
Relationship of echocardiographic, shunt flow, and angiographic size to the stretched diameter of the atrial septal defect.
The ventilatory threshold: method, protocol, and evaluator agreement.
Intractable heart failure despite angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, digoxin, and diuretics: long-term effectiveness of add-on therapy with pimobendan.
Pathophysiology of isolated systolic hypertension in elderly patients: Doppler echocardiographic insights.
Cardiac manifestations of acquired immune deficiency syndrome: a 1991 update.
A critical review of the relationship between impaired fibrinolysis and myocardial infarction.
Percutaneous coronary mid-infra-red laser angioplasty.
Initial clinical experience with a 48 by 48 element biplane transesophageal probe.
Antiischemic and metabolic effects of glutamate during pacing in patients with stable angina pectoris secondary to either coronary artery disease or syndrome X.
Angiographically assessed coronary arterial patency and reocclusion in patients with acute myocardial infarction treated with anistreplase: results of the anistreplase reocclusion multicenter study (ARMS).
Acute effects of intravenous nicardipine on hemodynamics and cardiac function in patients with a healed myocardial infarction and no evidence of congestive heart failure.
Comparative efficacy and safety of bepridil and diltiazem in chronic stable angina pectoris refractory to diltiazem. The Bepridil Collaborative Study Group.
Safety and efficacy of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in patients with left ventricular dysfunction.
Comparison of exercise radionuclide angiography with thallium SPECT imaging for detection of significant narrowing of the left circumflex coronary artery.
Stunned left ventricular myocardium after exercise treadmill testing in coronary artery disease.
Left ventricular shape as a determinant of functional mitral regurgitation in patients with severe heart failure secondary to either coronary artery disease or idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Outcome of infants and children with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Effects of immunosuppressive therapy in biopsy-proved myocarditis and borderline myocarditis on left ventricular function.
Cerebrovascular accident complicating acute myocardial infarction: incidence, clinical significance and short- and long-term mortality rates. The SPRINT Study Group.
Coronary heart disease risk factor profiles in black patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: paradoxic patterns.
Detection of autoantibodies against myeloid lysosomal enzymes: a useful adjunct to classification of patients with biopsy-proven necrotizing arteritis.
Hemodynamic responses to endotracheal extubation after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Isoflurane impairs the function of ischemic myocardium in acutely but not in chronically instrumented dogs.
Left ventricular performance during propofol or methohexital anesthesia: isotopic and invasive cardiac monitoring.
The clinical course of perimesencephalic nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
Clinical findings associated with pulmonary embolism in a rehabilitation setting.
Natural history and effectiveness of aspirin in asymptomatic patient with cervical bruits. The Asymptomatic Cervical Bruit Study Group.
Predictors of intracranial carotid artery atherosclerosis. Duration of cigarette smoking and hypertension are more powerful than serum lipid levels.
Correlative angiographic and pathologic findings in the diagnosis of ulcerated plaques in the carotid artery.
Cerebral vasculopathy associated with collateralization resembling moya moya phenomenon and with anti-Ro/SS-A and anti-La/SS-B antibodies.
Effect of surgery on the systemic inflammatory response to intermittent claudication
Monosialoganglioside in subarachnoid hemorrhage [published erratum appears in Stroke 1991 Jul;22(7):957]
Haemodynamic effects and outcome analysis of hypotensive extradural anaesthesia in controlled hypertensive patients undergoing total hip arthroplasty.
Cardiac function in aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage: a study of electrocardiographic and echocardiographic abnormalities.
Does plasma cholesterol concentration predict mortality from coronary heart disease in elderly people? 18 year follow up in Whitehall study.
Hemodynamic monitoring: a technology assessment. Technology Subcommittee of the Working Group on Critical Care, Ontario Ministry of Health.
Differential effects of thromboxane A2 synthase inhibition, singly or combined with thromboxane A2/prostaglandin endoperoxide receptor antagonism, on occlusive thrombosis elicited by endothelial cell injury or by deep vascular damage in canine coronary arteries.
Contribution of endogenous endothelin to the extension of myocardial infarct size in rats.
Intrarenal hemodynamics in patients with essential hypertension.
Tissue-specific activation of cardiac angiotensin converting enzyme in experimental heart failure.
Inhibitory effects of procainamide on sympathetic nerve activity in humans.
Cardiovascular neural regulation explored in the frequency domain.
Dipyridamole thallium-201 scintigraphy as a preoperative screening test. A reexamination of its predictive potential. Study of Perioperative Ischemia Research Group
Left cardiac sympathetic denervation in the therapy of congenital long QT syndrome. A worldwide report.
Left ventricular thrombus in anterior acute myocardial infarction after thrombolysis. A GISSI-2 connected study.
Stroke Prevention in Atrial Fibrillation Study. Final results
Post-myocardial infarction mortality in patients with ventricular premature depolarizations. Canadian Amiodarone Myocardial Infarction Arrhythmia Trial Pilot Study
Predictors of first discharge and subsequent survival in patients with automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillators.
Radiofrequency catheter ablation of the atrioventricular junction from the left ventricle.
Clinical implications of late proven patency after successful coronary angioplasty.
Regression of left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertensive heart transplant recipients treated with enalapril, furosemide, and verapamil.
Intraoperative transesophageal Doppler color flow imaging used to guide patient selection and operative treatment of ischemic mitral regurgitation.
Blood platelet count and function are related to total and cardiovascular death in apparently healthy men
Percutaneous excimer laser coronary angioplasty of lesions not ideal for balloon angioplasty
Relation of stenosis morphology and clinical presentation to the procedural results of directional coronary atherectomy
Electrode system influence on biphasic waveform defibrillation efficacy in humans.
Differences in electrophysiological substrate in patients with coronary artery disease and cardiac arrest or ventricular tachycardia. Insights from endocardial mapping and signal-averaged electrocardiography.
Abnormal vascular responses to supine exercise in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Diminishment of respiratory sinus arrhythmia foreshadows doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy.
Clinical characteristics of nonfatal myocardial infarction among individuals on prophylactic low-dose aspirin therapy.
Impact of impinging wall jet on color Doppler quantification of mitral regurgitation.
Intermediate-term effectiveness of balloon valvuloplasty for congenital aortic stenosis. A prospective follow-up study.
Combination balloon-ultrasound imaging catheter for percutaneous transluminal angioplasty. Validation of imaging, analysis of recoil, and identification of plaque fracture.
Expression of perforin in infiltrating cells in murine hearts with acute myocarditis caused by coxsackievirus B3.
Effects of milrinone on left ventricular remodeling after acute myocardial infarction.
Antithrombotic therapy for deep arterial injury by angioplasty. Efficacy of common platelet inhibition compared with thrombin inhibition in pigs.
Prevention of arterial reocclusion after thrombolysis with recombinant lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor
Role of oxygen-derived free radicals in myocardial edema and ischemia in coronary microvascular embolization
Optimal right ventricular filling pressures and the role of pericardial constraint in right ventricular infarction in dogs.
Instantaneous hyperemic flow-versus-pressure slope index. Microsphere validation of an alternative to measures of coronary reserve.
Detection and localization of prolonged epicardial electrograms with 64-lead body surface signal-averaged electrocardiography.
Cholesterol screening management of Florida's pediatric population.
Aortic-carotid artery pressure differences and cephalic perfusion pressure during cardiopulmonary resuscitation in humans.
Prevention of portal hypertension and portosystemic shunts by early chronic administration of clonidine in conscious portal vein-stenosed rats.
Dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency. A genetic disorder of cardiovascular regulation.
Renal arteriolar diameters in spontaneously hypertensive rats. Vascular cast study.
Abnormal platelet and lymphocyte calcium handling in prehypertensive rats.
Platelet-free calcium and vascular calcium uptake in ethanol-induced hypertensive rats.
Reversal of low dose angiotension hypertension by angiotensin receptor antagonists.
Sodium and volume sensitivity of blood pressure. Age and pressure change over time.
Prevalence of Type A behavior in untreated hypertensive individuals.
Nitroprusside in preeclampsia. Circulatory distress and paradoxical bradycardia.
Polyamines, vascular smooth muscle, and deoxycorticosterone acetate-salt hypertension.
Plasma immunoreactive endothelin-1 in experimental malignant hypertension.
Practical phlebology. Sclerotherapy of large veins.
Nontraumatic abdominal aortic thrombosis presenting with anterior spinal artery syndrome and pulmonary edema.
High dietary linoleic acid affects the fatty acid compositions of individual phospholipids from tissues of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar): association with stress susceptibility and cardiac lesion.
Elevated intravesical pressure causes arterial hypoperfusion in canine colocystoplasty: a fluorometric assessment.
Intraoperative cardiovascular collapse secondary to latex allergy.
Failure of motor evoked potentials to predict neurologic outcome in experimental thoracic aortic occlusion.
Thermal laser-assisted balloon angioplasty of the superficial femoral artery: a multicenter review of 602 cases.
Multivariate clinical models and quantitative dipyridamole-thallium imaging to predict cardiac morbidity and death after vascular reconstruction.
The risk of axillofemoral bypass grafting for acute vascular occlusion.
Asymptomatic celiac and superior mesenteric artery stenoses are more prevalent among patients with unsuspected renal artery stenoses.
Renovascular hypertension: predicting surgical cure with exercise renography.
Mycotic aneurysms of the carotid arteries--case report and review of the literature.
Peripheral arterial occlusion in infants--a report of two cases treated conservatively.
Digital artery embolization as a result of fibromuscular dysplasia of the brachial artery.
Celiomesenteric anomaly and aneurysm: clinical and etiologic features.
Causes of death in patients with tuberous sclerosis.
The porcine model for the understanding of thrombogenesis and atherogenesis.
Torsades de pointes ventricular tachycardia and terodiline.
Non-trauma mortality in elderly women with low bone mineral density. Study of Osteoporotic Fractures Research Group.
Evidence of a selective increase in cardiac sympathetic activity in patients with sustained ventricular arrhythmias
Pediatric heart transplantation at Stanford: results of a 15-year experience.
Hypercholesterolemia in adolescents: effectiveness of screening strategies based on selected risk factors.
Cardiac transplantation. How recipients are selected.
Thromboembolism prophylaxis. Choosing the proper method for surgical patients.
Primary pulmonary hypertension.
Supraventricular tachycardia. Changes in management.
Cardiovascular causes of syncope. Identifying and controlling trigger mechanisms.
Transforming growth factor beta 1 is present at sites of extracellular matrix gene expression in human pulmonary fibrosis.
Dietary fish oil blocks the microcirculatory manifestations of ischemia-reperfusion injury in striated muscle in hamsters.
Pathogenesis of respiratory infections due to influenza virus: implications for developing countries.
The effect of decompression on the natural course of spinal stenosis. A comparison of surgically treated and untreated patients.
Deep venous thrombosis in the surgical intensive care unit.
Collagen stability and collagenolytic activity in the normal and aneurysmal human abdominal aorta.
Detection of clinically suspected deep vein thrombosis using light reflection rheography.
Use of light reflection rheography for diagnosis of axillary or subclavian venous thrombosis.
A nine-year experience with crossover femoro-femoro-popliteal sequential bypass.
Safety of simultaneous aortic reconstruction and renal transplantation.
Ischemic injury to the spinal cord or lumbosacral plexus after aorto-iliac reconstruction.
Clinical implications of combined hypogastric and profunda femoral artery occlusion.
Thoracoabdominal aneurysm resection after previous infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysmectomy.
Total excision and extra-anatomic bypass for aortic graft infection.
Unilateral aortofemoral bypass: a safe and effective option for the treatment of unilateral limb-threatening ischemia.
Heparin, deep venous thrombosis, and trauma patients.
Ambulatory stab evulsion phlebectomy for truncal varicose veins.
Diagnostic and therapeutic strategies of white clot syndrome.
Which asymptomatic patients should undergo routine screening carotid duplex scan?
Stump pressure, the contralateral carotid artery, and electroencephalographic changes.
Impact of changing attitudes in carotid surgery on community hospital practice.
Fatal theophylline poisoning with rhabdomyolysis. A potential role for dantrolene treatment.
Physical training and antiplatelet treatment in stage II peripheral arterial occlusive disease: alone or combined?
Venous thrombosis after long-term transvenous pacing in the Chinese.
The role of two-dimensional echocardiography in the diagnosis of ineffective endocarditis.
Vasculitic skin ulcers associated with myelofibrosis--a case report.
Mycotic aortic aneurysm infected by Clostridium septicum--a case history.
Splenic vein aneurysm: MR appearance--a case report.
Survival in patients with primary pulmonary hypertension. Results from a national prospective registry.
Hemodynamic determinants of exercise capacity in chronic heart failure.
Costal fringe.
Current indications, risks, and outcome after pericardiectomy.
Bio-medicus ventricular assist device for salvage of cardiac surgical patients
Aortic valve replacement with omniscience and omnicarbon valves.
Preliminary results of left heart bypass in pigs using a heparin-coated centrifugal pump.
Survival and valve failure after aortic valve replacement.
Role of echocardiography/Doppler in cardiogenic shock: silent mitral regurgitation.
Single-lung transplantation with atrial septal defect repair for Eisenmenger's syndrome.
Successful repair of a submitral left ventricular infected pseudoaneurysm.
Long-term bridge to transplantation with the Symbion acute ventricular assist device system.
Pulmonary origin of left anterior descending coronary artery in tetralogy of Fallot.
Removal of massive right atrial thrombus guided by transesophageal echocardiography.
Hypersensitivity myocarditis.
Coronary heart disease in rhesus monkeys with diet-induced coronary artery atherosclerosis.
The significance of portal vein thrombosis after distal splenorenal shunt.
Evolution of the treatment of the injured colon in the 1980s.
Plasma norepinephrine concentrations during resuscitation in the dog.
External cardiopulmonary resuscitation preserves brain viability after prolonged cardiac arrest in dogs.
Cervical anterior spinal artery syndrome associated with cardiopulmonary arrest.
Herniated cervical disk presenting as ischemic chest pain.
Non-infective verrucous endocarditis in a patient with 'primary' antiphospholipid syndrome.
Balloon diameter of the Inoue balloon catheter during percutaneous transvenous mitral commissurotomy: clinical and experimental study.
Crossing failure in PTCA: mind the deflated balloon profile!
Successful percutaneous closure of a complex coronary-to-pulmonary artery fistula using a detachable balloon: benefits of intra-procedural physiologic and angiographic assessment.
Left main coronary artery aneurysm in association with severe atherosclerosis: a case report and review of the literature.
Coronary angioplasty in octogenarians: comparisons to coronary bypass surgery.
Proximal rupture and intracoronary entrapment of a rotating device during low-speed rotational coronary angioplasty.
Multivessel PTCA using the hugging balloon technique based on single guide catheter and dual balloon-on-a-wire systems.
Concurrent double balloon valvotomy for combined rheumatic mitral and tricuspid stenosis.
The kissing balloon technique with two over-the-wire balloon catheters through a single 8-French guiding catheter.
A new technique for sheathless percutaneous intraaortic balloon catheter insertion.
Prevention of thromboembolic disease following total knee arthroplasty. Epidural versus general anesthesia.
Compartment syndrome of the foot after intraarticular calcaneal fracture.
Intermittent pneumatic compression versus coumadin. Prevention of deep vein thrombosis in lower-extremity total joint arthroplasty.
Cardiac biopsy in patients with "primary" atrial fibrillation. Histologic evidence of occult myocardial diseases.
Direct myocardial revascularization without extracorporeal circulation. Experience in 700 patients
Value of transesophageal echocardiography as an adjunct to transthoracic echocardiography in evaluation of native and prosthetic valve endocarditis.
Effects of heart rate and pulmonary artery pressure on Doppler pulmonary artery acceleration time in experimental acute pulmonary hypertension.
Intraluminal pulsed Doppler evaluation of the pulmonary artery velocity time curve in a canine model of acute pulmonary hypertension.
Relief of right ventricular angina and increased exercise capacity with long-term oxygen therapy.
Acute nonhemodynamic pulmonary edema with nifedipine in primary pulmonary hypertension.
Group B streptococcal endocarditis of tricuspid valve.
Myocardial infarction due to intracoronary thrombi without significant coronary artery disease in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Left-sided pleural effusion secondary to splenic vein thrombosis. A previously unrecognized relationship.
Noninvasive methods in the diagnosis of ruptured aneurysm of Valsalva. Usefulness of magnetic resonance imaging and Doppler echocardiography.
Balloon dilation of postsurgical subaortic obstruction.
One gram of aspirin per day does not reduce risk of hospitalization for gallstone disease.
Smoking, the oral contraceptive pill, and Crohn's disease.
Portal vein thrombosis complicating endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy. Convincing further evidence.
Drug treatment of hypertension in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Nonpharmacological treatment of hypertension in diabetes mellitus.
Insulin and cardiovascular disease. Paris Prospective Study.
Hyperinsulinemia or increased sympathetic drive as links for obesity and hypertension.
Obesity and hypertension.
Calcium metabolism in hypertension and allied metabolic disorders.
Na(+)-H+ exchanger and its role in essential hypertension and diabetes mellitus.
Special considerations in the physical exam of older patients.
IgA nephropathy in non-cirrhotic portal hypertension.
Timing for implantation and transplantation in mechanical bridge to transplantation.
Patient selection for mechanical circulatory support as a bridge to cardiac transplantation.
Prognostic indices of survival in patients supported with temporary devices (TAH, VAD).
Surgical management of extracranial vertebral artery occlusive disease.
Clinical follow-up and progression of carotid atherosclerosis determined by duplex scanning in patients suffering from TIA.
General moderate hypothermia in the surgical treatment of descending thoracic aortic aneurysms.
Descending thoracic aortofemoral bypass as an alternative for aortoiliac revascularization.
Ischemic complications of abdominal aortic surgery.
PTA and laser assisted PTA combined with simultaneous surgical revascularization.
Clostridial mycotic aneurysm of the suprarenal abdominal aorta.
Popliteal aneurysm with spontaneous arteriovenous fistula.
A "twilight period" of coronary perfusion: the risk of intraoperative infarction in surgery for main left coronary obstruction.
Age-related complications and optimal choice of artificial heart valves in elderly patients.
Clinical results of mitral valve replacement with and without preservation of the posterior mitral valve leaflet and subvalvular apparatus.
Changes in the serum levels of CK-MB, LDH, LDH1, SGOT and myoglobin due to cardiac surgery.
Coronary-subclavian steal: correction of recurrent angina and cerebrovascular symptoms.
Intestinal ischemia associated with cardio-pulmonary-bypass surgery: a life threatening complication.
Myocardial echinococcosis with perforation into the pericardium.
Hemopericardium: a late complication after repair of pectus excavatum.
Interrupted aortic arch with tetralogy of Fallot. A report of an unsuccessful surgically treated case.
Three-dimensional characterization of human ventricular myofiber architecture by ultrasonic backscatter.
Prostacyclin production and mediation of adenylate cyclase activity in the pulmonary artery. Alterations after prolonged hypoxia in the rat.
Oxygen-dependent lipid peroxidation during lung ischemia.
Thalassaemia trait and myocardial infarction: low infarction incidence in male subjects confirmed.
Excess mortality in giant cell arteritis.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in morbidly obese patients.
Serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels in non-hypertensive lean NIDDM patients.
Increased occurrence of arrhythmias in men with ischaemic type ST-segment depression during long-term ECG recording. Prognostic impact on ischaemic heart disease: results from the prospective population study 'Men born in 1914', Malmo, Sweden.
Early heparin therapy in patients with spontaneous intracerebral haemorrhage.
Propafenone disposition and pharmacodynamics in normal and norepinephrine-induced cardiomyopathic rabbit hearts.
Rheumatic manifestations in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Bowel perforation and interstitial cystitis in childhood systemic lupus erythematosus.
Large vessel vasculitis of the central nervous system in systemic lupus erythematosus: report and review of the literature.
Recurrent pericarditis and cardiac tamponade in a patient with hypocomplementemic urticarial vasculitis syndrome.
Cardiac manifestations of Weber-Christian disease: report and review of the literature.
Inner ear deafness in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Management of hypertensive crises.
British Columbia sends patients to Seattle for coronary artery surgery. Bypassing the queue in Canada.
Selenium deficiency and cardiomyopathy in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Patterns of failure in Hancock pericardial bioprostheses.
Long-term preservation of the mammalian myocardium. Effect of storage medium and temperature on the vulnerability to tissue injury.
Low-dose enoximone in subjects awaiting cardiac transplantation. Clinical results and effects on beta-adrenergic receptors.
Surgical management of the conal (supracristal) ventricular septal defect.
Myocardial reperfusion injury. Platelet-activating factor stimulates polymorphonuclear leukocyte hydrogen peroxide production during myocardial reperfusion.
High breath pentane concentrations during acute myocardial infarction
A comparative study of the cerebrovascular complications of cocaine: alkaloidal versus hydrochloride--a review.
Cause of death in patients attending multiple sclerosis clinics.
Seizures caused by nontraumatic parenchymal brain hemorrhages.
Endocarditis due to Trichosporon beigelii: in vitro susceptibility of isolates and review.
The risk of ligation of the left renal vein in resection of the abdominal aortic aneurysm.
An evaluation of multiple clinical variables for hypoxia during colonoscopy.
The Sugiura procedure for patients with hemorrhagic portal hypertension secondary to extrahepatic portal vein thrombosis.
Entrapment of the popliteal artery.
Descending thoracic aorta-splenic artery graft for occlusive disease of the celiac axis.
Superficial thrombophlebitis diagnosed by duplex scanning.
Hemodynamic effects of varied graft diameters in the venous system.
Snoring and the risk of ischemic brain infarction.
Temporal thresholds for neocortical infarction in rats subjected to reversible focal cerebral ischemia.
Platelet emboli in rat brain cross when the contralateral carotid artery is occluded.
Stroke from other etiologies masquerading as migraine-stroke.
A review of hemoglobin and the pathogenesis of cerebral vasospasm.
Atrial fibrillation as an independent risk factor for stroke: the Framingham Study.
Regression of carotid plaques during low density lipoprotein cholesterol elimination.
An autopsy study of the incidence of lacunes in relation to age, hypertension, and arteriosclerosis.
Risk factors for stroke as predictors of platelet membrane fluidity in Alzheimer's disease.
Posterior urethral valves presenting as venous obstruction.
Rehabilitating elderly cardiac patients.
Exercise testing and training in patients with peripheral vascular disease and lower extremity amputation.
Nomenclature of vasculitic syndromes: a historical perspective.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated diseases: a pathologist's perspective.
Diagnostic classification of antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated vasculitides.
The pathogenic role of antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies.
Renal vascular lesions as a marker of poor prognosis in patients with lupus nephritis. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Nefrite Lupica (GISNEL).
Epidemiologic and clinical aspects of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia.
Therapeutic adherence in the elderly: transdermal clonidine compared to oral verapamil for hypertension.
Hypertension, cardiac disease, and compliance in minority patients.
Improving compliance in an inner-city hypertensive patient population.
Cardiovascular and metabolic characteristics of hypertension.
Skin pretreatment and the use of transdermal clonidine.
Regression of coronary atherosclerosis: an achievable goal? Review of results from recent clinical trials.
Update on the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis.
Rationale for treatment.
Thiamine deficiency in patients with congestive heart failure receiving long-term furosemide therapy: a pilot study.
Risk factors for stroke in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation: a case-control study.
Syncope and orthostatic hypotension.
Eosinophiluria in atheroembolic renal disease.
Sleep apnea and systemic hypertension: a causal association review.
Randomized, double-masked study of cyclosporine compared to prednisolone in the treatment of endogenous uveitis.
Concomitant lymphangioma and arteriovenous malformation of the orbit.
Kinetics of Borrelia burgdorferi dissemination and evolution of disease after intradermal inoculation of mice.
Abnormal expression of histocompatibility and mitochondrial antigens by cardiac tissue from patients with myocarditis and dilated cardiomyopathy.
Is premedication with oral glycopyrrolate as effective as oral atropine in attenuating cardiovascular depression in infants receiving halothane for induction of anesthesia?
Deliberate hypotension with nicardipine or nitroprusside during total hip arthroplasty.
C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency: three presentations [clinical conference]
The influence of intraoperative hypotension and perioperative blood transfusion on disease-free survival in patients with complete resection of colorectal liver metastases.
Dose response of fish oil versus safflower oil on graft arteriosclerosis in rabbit heterotopic cardiac allografts.
Adverse effect of therapeutic vasoconstrictors in experimental acute pancreatitis.
The limited potential of special ambulance services in the management of cardiac arrest
Fatal aortic rupture during balloon dilatation of recoarctation.
Familial aneurysms of the interventricular septum.
Successful operation on a coronary arteriovenous fistula in a 74 year old woman.
Mechanism of shock associated with right ventricular infarction.
Gradation of unstable angina based on a sensitive immunoassay for serum creatine kinase MB.
Pulmonary microvascular permeability in patients with severe mitral stenosis.
Doppler ultrasound and the silent ductus arteriosus.
Recurrent deletion in the human antithrombin III gene.
Clinical factors affecting the immediate outcome of PTCA in patients with unstable angina and poor candidates for surgery.
Effects of rapid volume expansion on the right filling pressures after prosthetic valve surgery.
Fluoroscopic guidance in transseptal catheterization for percutaneous mitral balloon valvotomy.
Cardiac tamponade following coronary arterial rupture during coronary angioplasty.
Dislodgement of a vein graft thrombus by angiographic injection of native coronary artery.
Congenital atresia of left main coronary artery: proposed mechanism for severe disabling angina in a patient with non-atherosclerotic single right coronary artery--a case report.
Total occlusion of the circumflex artery with collateral supply from the conus artery.
Unrecognized stenosis by angiography documented by intravascular ultrasound imaging.
Interpretation of cardiac pathophysiology from pressure waveform analysis: the left-sided V wave [clinical conference]
Responsiveness of peripheral veins to vasodilators and the effect of nifedipine on alpha-adrenergic responsiveness in hypertension.
Submaximal endurance exercise performance during enalapril treatment in patients with essential hypertension.
A study of elastic tissue and actinic radiation in "aging," temporal arteritis, polymyalgia rheumatica, and atherosclerosis. The actinic storm in the modern world.
Acute and chronic urticaria and angioedema.
Angioedema: manifestations and management.
Urticaria and angioedema: diagnosis and evaluation.
Restenosis after coronary angioplasty: a multivariate statistical model to relate lesion and procedure variables to restenosis. The M-HEART Investigators.
Effect of age on use of thrombolytic therapy and mortality in acute myocardial infarction. The MITI Project Group.
A case for early surgery in native left-sided endocarditis complicated by heart failure: results in 203 patients
Irregular coronary lesion morphology after thrombolysis predicts early clinical instability
Prognostic significance of a predischarge exercise test in risk stratification after unstable angina pectoris
Risk stratification for arrhythmic events in postinfarction patients based on heart rate variability, ambulatory electrocardiographic variables and the signal-averaged electrocardiogram.
Did prognosis after acute myocardial infarction change during the past 30 years? A meta-analysis.
Toxic oil syndrome: a current clinical and epidemiologic summary, including comparisons with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Intravenous adenosine: continuous infusion and low dose bolus administration for determination of coronary vasodilator reserve in patients with and without coronary artery disease.
Tolerance and safety of pharmacologic coronary vasodilation with adenosine in association with thallium-201 scintigraphy in patients with suspected coronary artery disease.
Quantitative thallium-201 single-photon emission computed tomography during maximal pharmacologic coronary vasodilation with adenosine for assessing coronary artery disease.
Importance of left ventricular systolic function in the assessment of left ventricular diastolic function with Doppler transmitral flow velocity recording.
Effective aortic regurgitant orifice area: description of a method based on the conservation of mass.
Morphologic comparison of frequency and types of acute lesions in the major epicardial coronary arteries in unstable angina pectoris, sudden coronary death and acute myocardial infarction.
Surgical management of severe aortic outflow obstruction in lesions other than the hypoplastic left heart syndrome: use of a pulmonary artery to aorta anastomosis.
Diastolic mitral regurgitation with atrioventricular conduction abnormalities: relation of mitral flow velocity to transmitral pressure gradients in conscious dogs.
Effect of transient coronary occlusion on coronary blood flow autoregulation, vasodilator reserve and response to adenosine in the dog.
Effect of intracoronary diltiazem on infarct size and regional myocardial function in the ischemic reperfused canine heart
Effect of coronary reocclusion after initial reperfusion on ventricular function and infarct size.
Use of modified diets in nursing homes.
Immunohistology of temporal arteritis: phenotyping of infiltrating cells and deposits of complement components.
Intracranial aneurysms in sickle-cell anemia: clinical features and pathogenesis.
Etiology of cerebral vasospasm in primates.
Surgical manipulation of primate cerebral arteries in established vasospasm.
Induction of cytosolic free calcium elevation in rat vascular smooth-muscle cells by cerebrospinal fluid from patients after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Excision of cavernous angioma with preservation of coexisting venous angioma. Case report.
Traumatic pericallosal aneurysm in a patient with no major trauma. Case report.
Assessment of systolic thickening with thallium-201 ECG-gated single-photon emission computed tomography: a parameter for local left ventricular function.
False-negative dipyridamole-thallium-201 myocardial imaging after caffeine infusion.
Effect of exercise supplementation on dipyridamole thallium-201 image quality
Exercise supplementation of dipyridamole for myocardial perfusion imaging [editorial; comment]
Imaging of cocaine-induced global and regional myocardial ischemia.
Quantitation of the critically ischemic zone at risk during acute coronary occlusion using PET.
Thallium myocardial scintigraphy in congenitally-corrected transposition of the great arteries.
Long-term mortality after 5-year multifactorial primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases in middle-aged men
Prospective study of alcohol consumption and risk of coronary disease in men.
Dynamic F waves in neurogenic claudication.
Postmenopausal estrogen therapy and cardiovascular disease. Ten-year follow-up from the nurses' health study
Chagas' heart disease in the United States.
Cervicocranial arterial dissection.
Idiopathic aldosteronism in pregnancy.
Gonococcal endocarditis complicating pregnancy: a case report and literature review.
Acute transient thrombocytopenia associated with cocaine abuse in pregnancy.
Fetal supraventricular tachycardia and hydrops fetalis: combined intensive, direct, and transplacental therapy.
Prenatal diagnosis of fetal left ventricular aneurysm: a case report and review.
Collagen vascular diseases of childhood.
Hemangiomas and vascular malformations.
Mucocutaneous disease in pediatric human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Pulmonary angiitis and granulomatosis.
Biomagnetic localization of ventricular arrhythmias.
Transcatheter occlusion of pulmonary arterial circulation and collateral supply: failures, incidents, and complications.
Percutaneous iliac artery stent: angiographic long-term follow-up.
Selective spinal panangiography: use of a 4-F braided catheter with a soft-tip configuration.
Imaging of vascular complications associated with renal transplants.
Motion artifact simulating aortic dissection on CT.
Effects of diltiazem on long-term outcome after acute myocardial infarction in patients with and without a history of systemic hypertension. The Multicenter Diltiazem Postinfarction Trial Research Group.
Comparison of the predictive characteristics of heart rate variability index and left ventricular ejection fraction for all-cause mortality, arrhythmic events and sudden death after acute myocardial infarction.
Age-related normal values of signal-averaged electrocardiographic variables after acute myocardial infarction.
Non-Q- and Q-wave infarction after thrombolytic therapy with intravenous streptokinase for chest pain and anterior ST-segment elevation
Effects of urokinase and heparin on minimal cross-sectional area of the culprit narrowing in unstable angina pectoris.
Twenty-four-hour activity of felodipine extended release in chronic stable angina pectoris.
Ridogrel in the setting of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Noninvasive identification of significant narrowing of the left main coronary artery by dipyridamole thallium scintigraphy.
Evaluation of dipyridamole-Doppler echocardiography for detection of myocardial ischemia and coronary artery disease.
Pronounced reduction of aortic flow velocity and acceleration during heavy isometric exercise in coronary artery disease.
Effects of exercise on heart rate, QT, QTc and QT/QS2 in the Romano-Ward inherited long QT syndrome.
Improved specificity of myocardial thallium-201 single-photon emission computed tomography in patients with left bundle branch block by dipyridamole.
Hemodynamic effects of celiprolol in essential hypertension.
Use of Valsalva maneuver to unmask left ventricular diastolic function abnormalities by Doppler echocardiography in patients with coronary artery disease or systemic hypertension.
Changes in lipids and lipoproteins with long-term estrogen deficiency and hormone replacement therapy.
Acute myocardial infarction associated with prostaglandin E2.
Acute cutaneous vasculitis associated with prolonged intravenous ritodrine hydrochloride therapy.
Fetal hypertension induced by norepinephrine infusion and umbilical artery flow velocity waveforms in fetal sheep.
The mechanism responsible for diminished neutrophil production in neonates delivered of women with pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Williams syndrome: masseter spasm during anaesthesia.
Acute airway obstruction, hypertension and kyphoscoliosis.
Protruding atheromas in the thoracic aorta and systemic embolization.
The value of tests predicting renovascular hypertension in patients with renal artery stenosis treated by angioplasty.
Use of centrally acting sympatholytic agents in the management of hypertension.
Effects of a sodium-potassium ion-exchanging seaweed preparation in mild hypertension.
Increased dopamine-induced nephrogenous cAMP formation in hypertension.
Double-blind comparison of perindopril and captopril in hypertension. Effects on left ventricular morphology and function.
Role of neurohumoral systems for pressure induced left ventricular hypertrophy in experimental supravalvular aortic stenosis in rats.
Ambulatory blood pressure variation is related to plasma renin activity in borderline hypertensive men.
Association between plasma viscosity and blood pressure. Results from the MONICA-project Augsburg.
Insulin attenuation of vasoconstrictor responses to phenylephrine in Zucker lean and obese rats.
Duplex ultrasound in the assessment of vascular disease in clinical hypertension.
Calcium metabolism and dietary calcium in salt sensitive hypertension.
Normal serum levels of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) in mild to moderate essential hypertension.
Blunted renal sodium excretion during acute saline loading in normotensive men with positive family histories of hypertension.
Left ventricular mass index and diastolic filling. Relation to blood pressure and demographic variables in a healthy biracial sample.
Hypertensives' pressor response to norepinephrine. Analysis by infusion rate and plasma levels.
Effects of dietary calcium on blood pressure, vascular reactivity and vascular smooth muscle calcium efflux rate in Zucker rats.
Nonparallel effects of renin inhibitor treatment on plasma renin activity and angiotensins I and II in hypertensive subjects. An assay-related artifact.
Sugar-induced hypertension in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Importance of chloride in the development of salt-induced angiotensin II hypertension in rats.
Plasma renin activity in renal transplant patients with hypertension.
Response to the cold pressor test in normotensive and hypertensive patients.
Stability of ethnic differences in children's pressor responses during three annual examinations.
Association between disturbances in the immune system and hypertension.
Factors associated with poor visual outcome in acute retinal necrosis.
Neovascular response in ischaemic central retinal vein occlusion after panretinal photocoagulation.
Fibrinolytic activity of the arms and legs of patients with lower limb venous disease.
Time trends in incidence rates of acute, non-traumatic extremity ischaemia: a population-based study during a 19-year period.
Realistic expectations for the patient with intermittent claudication.
Epidemiology of chronic venous ulcers.
Preoperative clinical evaluation as a predictor of cardiac complications after infrarenal aortic reconstruction.
Amsacrine is safe and effective therapy for patients with myocardial dysfunction and acute leukemia.
A prospective randomized trial of adjuvant chemotherapy with bolus versus continuous infusion of doxorubicin in patients with high-grade extremity soft tissue sarcoma and an analysis of prognostic factors.
Granulomatous angiitis of the spinal cord associated with Hodgkin's disease.
Superior vena cava syndrome caused by an intrathoracic plasmacytoma.
Alterations in myocyte shape and basement membrane attachment with tachycardia-induced heart failure.
Effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition on pressure-induced left ventricular hypertrophy in rats.
Vasoconstriction of canine coronary collateral vessels with vasopressin limits blood flow to collateral-dependent myocardium during exercise.
Flow-mediated dilatation of the basilar artery in vivo.
Combined effect of neonatal sympathectomy and adrenal demedullation on blood pressure and vascular changes in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Postischemic myocardial "stunning". Identification of major differences between the open-chest and the conscious dog and evaluation of the oxygen radical hypothesis in the conscious dog.
Rabbit ear model of injury-induced arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Kinetics, reproducibility, and implications.
Mechanism of the enhanced epidermal growth factor-induced growth response of genetically hypertensive vascular myocytes.
Distribution of carbon flux within fatty acid utilization during myocardial ischemia and reperfusion.
Effect of dietary proteins and lipids in patients with membranous nephropathy and nephrotic syndrome.
Very late recurrence of renal vasculitis.
Measurement of individual plasma angiotensins in normal pregnancy and pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Pseudoaneurysm of the internal carotid artery: a forgotten complication of tonsillitis?
Cardiac disturbances during the administration of taxol.
Profound hypothermia (less than 10 degrees C) compared with deep hypothermia (15 degrees C) improves neurologic outcome in dogs after two hours' circulatory arrest induced to enable resuscitative surgery.
Superselective embolization of superior gluteal artery pseudoaneurysms following intramuscular injection: case report.
The nutcracker syndrome: new aspects of pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment.
Bacteremia during extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of renal calculi.
Complication of a penile prosthesis reservoir: venous compression masquerading as a deep venous thrombosis.
Prognostic value of a treadmill exercise score in outpatients with suspected coronary artery disease
Prevention of an air embolism by moderate hypoventilation during surgery in the sitting position.
Giant pseudoaneurysm of the extracranial vertebral artery successfully treated using intraoperative balloon catheters.
Heart rate patterns in fetuses exposed to cocaine.
Pregnancy outcome in an active-duty population.
Finapres: a noninvasive device to monitor blood pressure.
Diagnosis and management of chronic hypertension in pregnancy.
Ischaemic spinal cord lesion following percutaneous radiofrequency spinal rhizotomy.
Allodynia-like effects in rat after ischaemic spinal cord injury photochemically induced by laser irradiation.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the patient with heart disease.
Serum neuron-specific enolase levels after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Induced hypertension during restoration of flow after temporary middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat: effect on neuronal injury and edema.
Maffucci's syndrome associated with intracranial enchondroma and aneurysm: case report.
Congestive heart failure. New frontiers.
The controversy of heparin therapy as an adjunct to thrombolysis in acute myocardial infarction.
Adenosine for paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Frequency of late reversibility in stress-redistribution thallium-201 SPECT using an early reinjection protocol.
A comparison of multilesion percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in elderly patients (greater than 70 years) and younger subjects.
Inability of coronary blood flow reserve measurements to assess the efficacy of coronary angioplasty in the first 24 hours in unselected patients.
The coronary artery response to implantation of a balloon-expandable flexible stent in the aspirin- and non-aspirin-treated swine model.
Attenuation of circadian variation by combined antianginal therapy with suppression of morning and evening increases in transient myocardial ischemia.
Transmural distribution of myocardial edema by NMR relaxometry following myocardial ischemia and reperfusion.
Functional recovery of hibernating myocardium after coronary bypass surgery: does it coincide with improvement in perfusion?
U74006F, a novel 21-aminosteroid, inhibits in vivo lipid peroxidation but fails to limit infarct size in a canine model of myocardial ischemia reperfusion.
Effect of atenolol on myocardial infarct expansion in a nonreperfused rat model.
Severity of coronary artery disease in young patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Positive and negative exercise test results with and without exercise-induced angina in patients with one healed myocardial infarction: analysis of baseline variables and long-term prognosis.
Time course of creatine kinase release after termination of sustained ventricular dysrhythmias.
Effects of electrophysiologic testing of the automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator on left ventricular systolic function and diastolic filling.
Effects of long-term amiodarone therapy on the defibrillation threshold and the rate of shocks of the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
Single- versus dual-chamber sensor-driven pacing: comparison of cardiac outputs.
Mixed venous oxygen saturation for differentiating stable from unstable tachycardias.
Age-related changes in the clinical and electrophysiologic characteristics of patients with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: comparative study between young and elderly patients.
Abnormal responses to orthostatic testing in children and adolescents with recurrent unexplained syncope.
Clinical pharmacology of intravenous enoximone: pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics in patients with heart failure.
Dilated cardiomyopathy with mitral regurgitation: decreased survival despite a low frequency of left ventricular thrombus.
Chagas' cardioneuropathy: effect of ganglioside treatment in chronic dysautonomic patients--a randomized, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled study.
Altered myocardial high-energy phosphate metabolites in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Effects of laser-generated tissue debris on aggregation of human platelets.
Enhancement of pulsed-dye laser ablation of arterial tissues with blood medium: effects of laser-induced shock waves.
Tricuspid atresia: association with persistent truncus arteriosus.
Comparative angiographic quantitative analysis of the immediate efficacy of coronary atherectomy with balloon angioplasty, stenting, and rotational ablation.
Atrial antitachycardia pacing in children and young adults.
Clinical implications of pathophysiologic changes in the midlife hypertensive patient.
Acute hemodynamic effects of terazosin in hypertensive and normotensive patients.
Terazosin: pharmacokinetics and the effect of age and dose on the incidence of adverse events.
Antihypertensive dose-response relationships: studies with the selective alpha 1-blocking agent terazosin.
Antihypertensive therapy: taking lipids into consideration.
Long-term efficacy and safety of terazosin alone and in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
Combination antihypertensive therapy with terazosin and other antihypertensive agents: results of clinical trials.
Is hypertension an insulin-resistant state? Metabolic changes associated with hypertension and antihypertensive therapy.
The safety and efficacy of terazosin in the treatment of essential hypertension in blacks.
Comparison of chest pain, electrocardiographic changes and thallium-201 scintigraphy during varying exercise intensities in men with stable angina pectoris.
Usefulness of technetium-99m-MIBI and thallium-201 in tomographic imaging combined with high-dose dipyridamole and handgrip exercise for detecting coronary artery disease
Comparison of intravenous urokinase plus heparin versus heparin alone in acute myocardial infarction. Urochinasi per via Sistemica nell'Infarto Miocardico (USIM) Collaborative Group.
Prediction of major cardiac events after peripheral vascular surgery using dipyridamole echocardiography.
Impairment of left ventricular function during coronary angioplastic occlusion evaluated with a nonimaging scintillation probe.
Use of amiodarone for short-term and adjuvant therapy in young patients.
Effects of enflurane on inducibility of ventricular tachycardia.
Dispersion of ventricular repolarization in the long QT syndrome.
Effectiveness of imazodan for treatment of chronic congestive heart failure. The Imazodan Research Group.
Comparison of allografts and prosthetic valves when used for emergency aortic valve replacement for active infective endocarditis.
Electrocardiographic correlates with left ventricular morphology in idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Long-term assessment of right ventricular diastolic filling in patients with pulmonic valve stenosis successfully treated in childhood.
Coronary-heart-disease risk-factor status of the Cretan urban population in the 1980s.
Plasmapheresis. A therapeutic option in the management of heparin-associated thrombocytopenia with thrombosis.
Family history of myocardial infarction and hemodynamic responses to exercise in young black boys.
Blood pressure dysregulation associated with alcohol withdrawal.
Adenosine use during pregnancy.
Dissections of the cervicocerebral arteries.
The potential utility of a rapid CK-MB assay in evaluating emergency department patients with possible myocardial infarction.
Alcohol consumption of patients with supraventricular tachyarrhythmias other than atrial fibrillation.
Phase I-II trial of pentoxifylline for the prevention of transplant-related toxicities following bone marrow transplantation.
Blood pressure during pregnancy in Canadian Inuit: community differences related to diet.
The spectrum of eosinophilic gastroenteritis. Report of six pediatric cases and review of the literature.
Effort thrombosis of the axillosubclavian vein: a disabling vascular disorder.
Update: drug therapy for acute myocardial infarction.
The renin-angiotensin system: renal actions and blood pressure regulation.
Nonhealing leg ulcers: a manifestation of basal cell carcinoma.
Serum cholesterol: attitudes and behavior of family practice residents
Single photon emission computed tomography in patients with acute hydrocephalus or with cerebral ischaemia after subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Muscle perfusion with technetium-MIBI in lower extremity peripheral arterial diseases.
Rest-injected thallium-201 imaging for assessing viability of severe asynergic regions.
Gamma imaging with negatively charge-modified monoclonal antibody: modification with synthetic polymers
Gallium-SPECT in the detection of prosthetic valve endocarditis and aortic ring abscess.
Reorientation of the left ventricular long-axis on myocardial transaxial tomograms by a linear fitting method.
An improved method for the quantification of left-to-right cardiac shunts.
Effect of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis immunization on prolonged apnea or bradycardia in siblings of sudden infant death syndrome victims.
Successful medical treatment of presumed Candida endocarditis in critically ill infants.
Results of a multicenter study of the modified hook-titanium Greenfield filter.
Early and late geometric changes after carotid endarterectomy patch reconstruction.
A prospective study of respiratory failure after high-risk surgery on the thoracoabdominal aorta.
Left flank retroperitoneal exposure: a technical aid to complex aortic reconstruction.
Value and limitations of secondary femoropopliteal bypasses with polytetrafluoroethylene.
The natural history of superficial femoral artery stenoses.
Venous obstruction: an analysis of one hundred thirty-seven cases with hemodynamic, venographic, and clinical correlations.
Vascular trauma as a result of therapeutic procedures for the treatment of malignancy.
Vascular rehabilitation: benefits of a structured exercise/risk modification program.
Natural history of atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis associated with aortic disease.
Experience with laser-assisted balloon angioplasty and a rotary angioplasty instrument: lessons learned.
Limitations of balloon angioplasty for vein graft stenosis.
Noninvasive diagnosis of vascular trauma by duplex ultrasonography.
Quantitation of vascular outflow by measurement of impedance.
Intraoperative duplex sonography during renal artery reconstruction.
Vascular complications of cardiac catheterization.
Postoperative vasospasm after antegrade mesenteric revascularization: a report of three cases.
Late results of two hundred seventeen femoropopliteal bypasses to isolated popliteal artery segments.
Spontaneous carotid dissection: duplex scanning in diagnosis and management.
Hip disarticulation: factors affecting outcome.
Innominate artery occlusive disease: surgical approach and long-term results.
Renal cell carcinoma with inferior vena caval involvement.
Group- vs home-based exercise training in healthy older men and women. A community-based clinical trial.
Tubuloglomerular feedback in one-kidney, one-clip hypertensive rats.
Endothelin effects on renal function and tubuloglomerular feedback.
Hyperreactivity of tubuloglomerular feedback in chronically salt-loaded spontaneous hypertensive rats.
Sternal wound infections and use of internal mammary artery grafts.
The influence of preoperative shock on outcome in sequential endocardial resection for ventricular tachycardia.
Aortic dissection resulting from tear of transverse arch: is concomitant arch repair warranted?
St. Thomas' Hospital cardioplegic solution. Beneficial effect of glucose and multidose reinfusions of cardioplegic solution.
Diagnosis and management of purulent pericarditis. Experience with pericardiectomy.
Myocardial rupture. Your patient's survival may depend on you.
Carotid and coronary atherosclerosis. What are the connections?
Hypertension in young patients.
Magnetic resonance imaging of pulmonary artery aneurysm.
Percutaneous intra-aortic balloon pump: emphasis on complications.
Relationship of regional fat distribution and obesity to electrocardiographic parameters in healthy premenopausal women.
Intraoperative evaluation of intestinal ischemia: a comparison of methods.
The diabetic foot: consequences of delayed treatment and referral.
Hyperthermia deaths in Finland in 1970-86.
Delayed cardiac rupture due to blunt chest trauma.
Rectosigmoid varices and other mucosal changes in patients with portal hypertension.
Successful transcatheter embolization of pseudoaneurysm associated with pancreatic pseudocyst.
Prevention and treatment of pregnancy-associated hypertension: what have we learned in the last 10 years?
Congenital arteriovenous communications and the development of two types of leaking retinal macroaneurysms.
Reversible renal insufficiency due to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in hypertensive nephrosclerosis.
Sleep apnea in acromegaly.
Using anticoagulants safely. Guidelines for therapeutic and prophylactic regimens [published erratum appears in Postgrad Med 1991 Sep 1;90(3):48]
Quantitative angiography after directional coronary atherectomy.
Early experience with low speed rotational angioplasty.
Immunoglobulin response to intravenous streptokinase in acute myocardial infarction.
Predictive value of ventricular arrhythmias for patency of the infarct-related coronary artery after thrombolytic therapy.
Post-prandial worsening of angina: all due to changes in cardiac output?
Mitral valve repair: a valuable procedure with good long term results even when performed infrequently.
Multivariate analysis to simplify the differential diagnosis of broad complex tachycardia.
Comparison between prostaglandin E1 and epoprostenol (prostacyclin) in infants after heart surgery.
Thrombus within a submitral left ventricular aneurysm: diagnosis on cross sectional echocardiography.
Placental bed spiral arteries in the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
A phase I trial of recombinant human interleukin-1 beta alone and in combination with myelosuppressive doses of 5-fluorouracil in patients with gastrointestinal cancer.
Alcohol consumption and risk of coronary heart disease.
Efficacy of fixed minidose warfarin prophylaxis in total hip replacement.
Non-specific aorto-arteritis (Takayasu's disease) in children.
Vulnerability of nerve fibres to ischaemia. A quantitative light and electron microscope study.
Trends in use of coronary angiography in subacute phase of myocardial infarction.
Left ventricular pressure-volume and Frank-Starling relations in endurance athletes. Implications for orthostatic tolerance and exercise performance.
Effects of beta-adrenergic stimulation with dobutamine on isovolumic relaxation in the normal and failing human left ventricle.
Arterial hemodynamics in human hypertension. Effects of adrenergic blockade.
Epicardial and endocardial mapping of ventricular tachycardia in patients with myocardial infarction. Is the origin of the tachycardia always subendocardially localized?
Regional three-dimensional geometry and function of left ventricles with fibrous aneurysms. A cine-computed tomography study.
Intravascular ultrasound assessment of lumen size and wall morphology in normal subjects and patients with coronary artery disease.
Dipyridamole echocardiography test. A new tool for detecting jeopardized myocardium after thrombolytic therapy.
The long QT syndrome. Prospective longitudinal study of 328 families.
Adenosine as a vasodilator in primary pulmonary hypertension
Balloon angioplasty for recurrent coarctation of aorta. Immediate and long-term results
Cerebral vasoconstriction during head-upright tilt-induced vasovagal syncope. A paradoxic and unexpected response.
Hyperinsulinemia, sex, and risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease
Relation of risk factor levels in young adulthood to parental history of disease. The CARDIA study
Anomalous insertion of papillary muscle directly into anterior mitral leaflet in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Significance in producing left ventricular outflow obstruction.
Roles of thrombin and platelet membrane glycoprotein IIb/IIIa in platelet-subendothelial deposition after angioplasty in an ex vivo whole artery model.
Relation of early hemodynamic changes to final cardiac phenotype and survival after neural crest ablation in chick embryos.
Reentrant excitation around a fixed obstacle in uniform anisotropic ventricular myocardium
Differential effects of heptanol, potassium, and tetrodotoxin on reentrant ventricular tachycardia around a fixed obstacle in anisotropic myocardium
Localization of breakthrough site of canine monomorphic ventricular tachycardia by pacemapping. A vectorial approach.
Effects of an increase in intracellular free [Mg2+] after myocardial stunning on sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ transport.
A lesson from the controversy about heart rate adjustment of ST segment depression.
Diagnostic accuracy of thallium-201 myocardial perfusion imaging.
Radionuclide assessment of infarct size and left ventricular function in clinical trials of thrombolysis.
The role of echocardiography in the evaluation of mechanical complications of acute myocardial infarction.
Positron emission tomography for the assessment of myocardial viability.
Dipyridamole 201Tl scintigraphy in the evaluation of prognosis after myocardial infarction.
Noninvasive imaging in acute coronary disease. A clinical perspective.
Value of planar 201Tl imaging in risk stratification of patients recovering from acute myocardial infarction.
Risk stratification after myocardial infarction with exercise and Doppler echocardiography.
Radionuclide assessment of ventricular function and risk stratification after myocardial infarction.
Risk stratification after myocardial infarction. Clinical overview.
Assessment of aortic and pulmonic stenosis by echocardiography.
Quantification of valvular regurgitation by Doppler echocardiography.
Role of echocardiography in the diagnosis and evaluation of severity of mitral and tricuspid stenosis.
Evaluation of valvular heart disease with cine gradient echo magnetic resonance imaging.
Radionuclide angiographic evaluation of left ventricular diastolic function.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging for assessment and follow-up of patients with valve disease.
Clinical cardiac positron emission tomography: state of the art.
The role of echocardiography/Doppler in catheter balloon treatment of adults with aortic and mitral stenosis.
The use of color flow mapping for intraoperative assessment of valve repair.
Valvular heart disease: management and intervention. Clinical overview and discussion.
Metabolic imaging of patients with cardiomyopathy.
Doppler echocardiographic evaluation of diastolic dysfunction.
Radionuclide angiography in the management of asymptomatic aortic regurgitation.
Echocardiography and Doppler ultrasound in the evaluation of pericardial disease.
Magnetic resonance imaging of great vessel, myocardial, and pericardial disease.
Echocardiographic assessment of atherosclerotic coronary lesions.
Perfusion imaging with 99mTc-sestamibi for the assessment of myocardial area at risk and the efficacy of acute treatment in myocardial infarction.
Stress echocardiography for detection of coronary artery disease.
Overview: diagnosis of ischemic heart disease by noninvasive techniques.
Exercise radionuclide angiocardiography predicts cardiac death in patients with coronary artery disease.
Myocardial perfusion imaging with thallium-201 to evaluate patients before and after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Use of echocardiography for patient management in chronic ischemic heart disease.
The new 99mTc myocardial perfusion imaging agents: 99mTc-sestamibi and 99mTc-teboroxime.
Computed tomography for patient management in coronary artery disease.
Clinical overview of management of chronic ischemic heart disease.
Value of regional wall motion abnormality in the emergency room diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction. A prospective study using two-dimensional echocardiography.
Rest and exercise radionuclide angiography for diagnosis in chronic ischemic heart disease.
Telangiectatic osteosarcoma.
Pseudoaneurysm of the popliteal artery as a complication of an osteochondroma. A review of the literature and a case report.
Risk factors influencing mortality after bipolar hemiarthroplasty in the treatment of fracture of the femoral neck.
Telangiectatic osteogenic sarcoma of the extremities. Results in 17 patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Postsepsis bradycardia in children with leukemia.
Liver glutathione and cytochrome P450 activity in experimental infection: study of the relative effects of infectious stress and malnutrition.
Cardiac function after hepatic ischemia-anoxia and reperfusion injury: a new experimental model.
Involvement of neutrophils in postischaemic damage to the small intestine.
Hypertension sustains plaque progression despite reduction of hypercholesterolemia.
Endothelial dysfunction and subendothelial monocyte macrophages in hypertension. Effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition.
Captopril protects against myocardial injury induced by magnesium deficiency.
Enalapril prevents cardiac fibrosis and arrhythmias in hypertensive rats.
Role of endothelium-derived prostanoid in angiotensin-induced vasoconstriction.
Interleukin-2 and spontaneous hypertension.
Sodium-lithium countertransport and hypertension in Rochester, Minnesota.
Sodium-lithium countertransport and cardiorenal abnormalities in essential hypertension.
Postexercise hypotension is not sustained in normal and hypertensive humans.
Intrahypothalamic clonidine infusion prevents NaCl-sensitive hypertension.
Restriction of regional blood flow and diaphragmatic contractility.
Changes of zero-stress state of rat pulmonary arteries in hypoxic hypertension.
Glycolytic inhibition and calcium overload as consequences of exogenously generated free radicals in rabbit hearts.
Nonsense mutations affect C1 inhibitor messenger RNA levels in patients with type I hereditary angioneurotic edema.
Aneurysms of the intracavernous carotid artery: a multidisciplinary approach to treatment.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage in sickle-cell disease.
Treatment of vasospasm with a 480-nm pulsed-dye laser.
Reduction of central nervous system ischemic injury by monoclonal antibody to intercellular adhesion molecule.
Spontaneous dissecting aneurysms of the basilar artery presenting with a subarachnoid hemorrhage. Report of two cases.
Successful excision of a juvenile-type spinal arteriovenous malformation following intraoperative embolization. Case report.
Embolization of arteriovenous malformations with peripheral aneurysms using ethylene vinyl alcohol copolymer. Report of three cases.
The use of an intraluminal shunt for bypass grafts of the cavernous internal carotid artery. Technical note.
Smoking-attributable cancer mortality in 1991: is lung cancer now the leading cause of death among smokers in the United States?
Cardiac toxicity 4 to 20 years after completing anthracycline therapy.
Effect of Iraqi missile war on incidence of acute myocardial infarction and sudden death in Israeli civilians.
Introduction: physiologic adaptations to exercise training in cardiac patients: contemporary issues and concerns.
Exercise training and coronary collateral circulation.
Exercise training in patients with impaired left ventricular function.
Physiologic adaptations to prolonged high-intensity exercise training in patients with coronary artery disease.
Effect of beta-blockers on exercise physiology: implications for exercise training.
Exercise training after cardiac transplantation.
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria with onset in childhood and adolescence.
Circulating and tissue endothelin immunoreactivity in advanced atherosclerosis.
Association of hypovolemia after subarachnoid hemorrhage with computed tomographic scan evidence of raised intracranial pressure.
The effect of nicardipine on vasospasm in rabbit basilar artery after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Evaluation and treatment of aneurysms of the vertebral artery: different strategies for different lesions.
Reversal of a dense, persistent, holohemispheric neurological deficit after an endarterectomy of the carotid artery: case report.
Hemorrhagic venous infarction after excision of an arteriovenous malformation: case report.
Neurogenic pulmonary edema: treatment with dobutamine.
Dissecting aneurysm of the posterior cerebral artery: spontaneous resolution.
The pediatrician's involvement in prevention and treatment of oral disease in medically compromised children.
Fluid collections developing after pancreatic transplantation: radiologic evaluation and intervention.
Standards for evaluating and reporting the results of surgical and percutaneous therapy for peripheral arterial disease.
Total peripheral artery occlusions: conventional versus laser thermal recanalization with a hybrid probe in percutaneous angioplasty--results of a randomized trial
Femoropopliteal arterial occlusions: laser-assisted versus conventional percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
Occlusive and reperfused myocardial infarcts: MR imaging differentiation with nonionic Gd-DTPA-BMA.
Penetrating atherosclerotic aortic ulcer with dissecting hematoma: control of bleeding with percutaneous embolization.
Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome: the risks and benefits of vascular interventions.
Iliofemoral venous thrombectomy followed by percutaneous closure of the temporary arteriovenous fistula.
Role of conversion of xanthine dehydrogenase to oxidase in ischemic rat liver cell injury.
Compartment syndrome complicating prolonged use of the lithotomy position.
Cigarette smoking and other vascular risk factors in vasculogenic impotence.
Morphologic features and nuclide composition of infarction-associated cardiac myocyte mineralization in humans.
Lumbar regional anaesthesia and prophylactic anticoagulant therapy. Is the combination safe?
Thoracic epidural analgesia in a patient with bilateral phaeochromocytoma undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting.
Inaccuracy of pulse oximetry in patients with severe tricuspid regurgitation.
Right- and left-arm blood pressure discrepancies in vascular surgery patients.
Altered load dependence of postischemic myocardium
Adult chronic lead intoxication. A clinical review.
A critical review of the evidence supporting a relationship between impaired fibrinolytic activity and venous thromboembolism.
Beta-adrenergic blocker therapy does not worsen intermittent claudication in subjects with peripheral arterial disease. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Resistant hypertension in a tertiary care clinic.
A randomized controlled trial of the effects of three antihypertensive agents on blood pressure control and quality of life in older women.
Drug-induced fever due to diltiazem.
Sudden cardiac death: management of high-risk patients
Calcium for resuscitation?
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-induced renal failure: causes, consequences, and diagnostic uses.
Prevalences of diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk factors in Hindu Indian subcommunities in Tanzania.
Serum cholesterol concentration and coronary heart disease in population with low cholesterol concentrations.
Short and long term outcome of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in unstable versus stable angina pectoris: a report of the 1985-1986 NHLBI PTCA Registry.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty utilizing prolonged balloon inflations: initial results and six-month follow-up.
Intravascular stents in the management of superior vena cava syndrome.
A femoral vein-femoral artery loop technique for aortic dilatation in children.
Blade atrial septostomy: experience with the first 50 procedures.
Effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition on the incidence of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
The NACI Registry: an instrument for the evaluation of new approaches to coronary intervention. The NACI Investigators.
Abrupt vessel closure following platelet transfusion post-PTCA.
Relationship between coronary blood flow and perfusion pressure during reactive hyperemia: a case report in an awake unanesthetized woman with normal coronary arteries.
Brachial approach to management of an abdominal aortic occlusion with prolonged lysis and subsequent angioplasty.
Percutaneous mitral valvuloplasty following surgical repair of sinus venosus atrial septal defect.
Ventricular fibrillation complicating endomyocardial biopsy of a cardiac allograft.
Abnormal diastolic left ventricular filling by pulsed Doppler echocardiography in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Acute thrombosis of the renal transplant artery: a case report and review of the literature.
Metalloproteinases in degenerative aortic disease.
Spectrum of orthostatic disorders: classification based on an analysis of the short-term circulatory response upon standing.
Diagnostic utility of ventilation/perfusion lung scans in acute pulmonary embolism is not diminished by pre-existing cardiac or pulmonary disease.
Appearance of thrombosis-inducing activity in the plasma of patients undergoing pulmonary resection.
Right ventricular pacing and left ventricular filling pattern. An echo-Doppler study.
Reversible tricuspid stenosis. Demonstration with two-dimensional echocardiography and continuous-wave Doppler.
Percutaneous balloon valvotomy for the treatment of isolated tricuspid stenosis.
Massive ST-segment elevation without myocardial injury in a patient with fulminant hepatic failure and cerebral edema.
Prostaglandin F2 alpha and indomethacin in hepatogenic pulmonary angiodysplasia. Effects on pulmonary hemodynamics and gas exchange.
Reducing the risk of stroke: identifying patients to refer for carotid endarterectomy.
Vascular renin-angiotensin system and neurotransmission in hypertensive persons.
Diagnostic usefulness of renal scanning after angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors [editorial]
Glucose tolerance and insulin action in rats with renovascular hypertension.
Insulin resistance and hypertension.
Nutrition and hypertension prevention.
Hypertension and coronary artery disease. Can the chain be broken?
Is reversal of left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertension beneficial?
Are some antihypertensive therapies more efficacious than others in preventing complications and prolonging life?
Long-term effectiveness of nonpharmacological treatment of hypertension.
Dissecting the primary causes of genetic hypertension in rats.
Are there interactions and relations between genetic and environmental factors predisposing to high blood pressure?
Do primary dysfunctions in neural control of arterial pressure contribute to hypertension?
Are vascular abnormalities a primary cause or secondary consequence of hypertension?
Local hormonal factors (intracrine, autocrine, and paracrine) in hypertension.
Childhood predictors of future blood pressure.
Can essential hypertension be subclassified with respect to mechanism?
Blood pressure and high blood pressure. Aspects of risk.
Mesh-constricted varicose and dilated veins used as arterial bypass grafts.
Myocardial fibrosis in aging germ-free and conventional Lobund-Wistar rats: the protective effect of diet restriction.
Postural change in blood pressure associated with age and systolic blood pressure. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey II.
The negative association in women between cigarette smoking and uncomplicated angina pectoris in the Framingham Heart Study data.
Comparing clinical information with claims data: some similarities and differences
Risk factors for subarachnoid hemorrhage in a longitudinal population study.
Intra- and interindividual variability of glucose tolerance in an elderly population.
Sexual function of women taking antihypertensive agents: a comparative study.
Smoking cessation following admission to a coronary care unit.
Combination therapy of OK432 and recombinant human interferon alpha A/D on viral myocarditis in mice starting after infection.
Influence of perfusate pH on the postischemic recovery of cardiac contractile function: involvement of sodium-hydrogen exchange.
The role of serotonin (5HT2) receptor blockade in myocardial reperfusion injury: effects of LY53857 in a canine model of myocardial infarction.
Hypoxemia is associated with mitochondrial DNA damage and gene induction. Implications for cardiac disease
Abnormal coronary vasoconstriction as a predictor of restenosis after successful coronary angioplasty in patients with unstable angina pectoris.
Cardiogenic shock after acute myocardial infarction. Incidence and mortality from a community-wide perspective, 1975 to 1988
The decline of mortality due to stroke: a competitive and deterministic perspective.
Clinical risk factors for Alzheimer's disease: a population-based case-control study.
Clinical characteristics of transient ischemic attacks in black patients.
Clinical features of Behcet's disease. Report of four cases.
Cocaine-induced myocardial infarction. A growing threat to men in their 30s.
Aortoiliac dissection after percutaneous insertion of an intra-aortic balloon pump.
Spontaneous internal carotid artery dissection shown by magnetic resonance imaging.
Large vessel occlusion with vasculitis in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Efficacy and toxicity of thromboxane synthetase inhibitor for cerebral vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Traumatic carotid-cavernous sinus fistula associated with an intradural pseudoaneurysm: a case report.
Sickle cell disease and aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Cerebral vasospasm in elderly patients with ruptured intracranial aneurysms.
Follow-up study of unruptured aneurysms arising from the C3 and C4 segments of the internal carotid artery.
Differentiation between hemangiomas and metastases of the liver with ultrafast MR imaging: preliminary results with T2 calculations.
Mechanisms of platelet activation: thromboxane A2 as an amplifying signal for other agonists.
Thrombolysis in refractory unstable angina.
Thrombolysis in postinfarction angina.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty for unstable angina.
Integration of anticoagulation, thrombolysis and coronary angioplasty for unstable angina pectoris.
The elusive cause of instability in unstable angina.
Pathogenesis of thrombosis in unstable angina.
The heart in fatal unstable angina pectoris.
Coronary thrombosis: pathogenesis and clinical manifestations.
Coronary atherosclerotic plaques with and without thrombus in ischemic heart syndromes: a morphologic, immunohistochemical, and biochemical study.
Platelet activation in the pathogenesis of unstable angina: importance in determining the response to plasminogen activators.
Fibrinopeptide A excretion in urine: a marker of the cumulative thrombin activity in stable versus unstable angina patients.
Granulocyte function in coronary artery disease.
Angiography in unstable angina.
Antiplatelet and antithrombotic therapy in unstable angina.
Thrombolysis in unstable angina: results of clinical studies.
Incremental prognostic accuracy of clinical, radionuclide and hemodynamic data in acute myocardial infarction.
Effects of early captopril administration on infarct expansion, left ventricular remodeling and exercise capacity after acute myocardial infarction.
Beat-to-beat electrocardiographic morphology variation in healed myocardial infarction.
Significance of silent myocardial ischemia during exercise testing in patients with diabetes mellitus: a report from the Coronary Artery Surgery Study (CASS) Registry.
Asymptomatic myocardial ischemia during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and importance of prior Q-wave infarction and diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous and oral propafenone in pediatric cardiac dysrhythmias.
Complex ventricular ectopic activity in patients less than 20 years of age with or without syncope, and the role of ventricular extrastimulus testing.
Quantitative analysis of signal-averaged P waves in idiopathic paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Midventricular obstruction associated with chronic systemic hypertension and severe left ventricular hypertrophy.
Adrenergic hypersensitivity after beta-blocker withdrawal in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Increased all-cause and cardiac morbidity and mortality associated with the diagonal earlobe crease: a prospective cohort study.
Aortoesophageal fistula: a comprehensive review of the literature.
Steroid therapy for hydrops associated with antibody-mediated congenital heart block.
Ultrasonographic diagnosis of symptomatic deep venous thrombosis in pregnancy.
Recurrent mild abruptio placentae occurring immediately after repeated electroconvulsive therapy in pregnancy.
Concentration of digoxin-like immunoreactive substance in patients with preeclampsia and its relation to severity of pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Acute fetal ductal occlusion in lambs.
Thermal effects and histologic changes from Nd:YAG laser irradiation on normal and diseased aortic tissue using a novel angioplasty catheter with a mobile optical fiber: an in vitro assessment.
Same-day angioplasty and diagnostic catheterization: safe and effective but riskier in unstable angina.
Quantitation of early myocardial ischemia using acridine orange fluorescence--an experimental study.
Silent ischemia and severity of pain in acute myocardial infarction.
The influence of CLS 2210 on the course of myocardial infarction: a pilot study in man.
Impedance cardiography for repeated determination of stroke volume in elderly hypertensives: correlation with pulsed Doppler echocardiography.
Venous gangrene (phlegmasia caerulea dolens) complicating heart failure from severe mitral stenosis--a case history.
Serum lipoprotein (a) levels in men with peripheral vascular disease.
Coronary artery aneurysms--a case study and literature review.
Physician practices in the prevention of venous thromboembolism.
The European Stroke Prevention Study (ESPS): results by arterial distribution.
Use of secondary prophylaxis against myocardial infarction in the north of England
Effect of potassium intake on blood pressure.
Cerebral circulation: humoral regulation and effects of chronic hypertension.
Greater loop chloride uptake contributes to blunted pressure natriuresis in Dahl salt sensitive rats.
Cytokine-endothelial interactions in inflammation, immunity, and vascular injury.
Colonic ischemia complicating immunotherapy with interleukin-2 and interferon-alpha.
Mesenteric infarction secondary to tumor emboli from primary aortic sarcoma. Guidelines for diagnosis and management.
Role of bile acids in splanchnic hemodynamic response to chronic portal hypertension.
Cerebral balloon angioplasty for treatment of vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Lovastatin-associated rhabdomyolysis.
Clinical decision making of critical care nurses managing computer-simulated tachydysrhythmias.
Effect of level of patient acuity on clinical decision making of critical care nurses with varying levels of knowledge and experience.
Common reactions to transfusions.
Update on thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
Overview: rationale of thrombolysis in treating acute myocardial infarction.
Clinical management of patients receiving thrombolytic therapy.
Delays in the treatment of acute myocardial infarction: an overview.
Treatment-seeking behavior among those with signs and symptoms of acute myocardial infarction.
Role of emergency medical services.
The role of hospital delivery systems in the treatment of patients with acute myocardial infarction: rural hospital setting.
Problems faced by the urban emergency department in providing rapid triage and intervention for the patient with suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Nodular vasculitis (erythema induratum): treatment with auranofin.
Macroreentry in the infarcted human heart: the mechanism of ventricular tachycardias with a "focal" activation pattern.
Sympathetic neural responses to induced ventricular tachycardia.
Value of electrocardiographic leads MCL1, MCL6 and other selected leads in the diagnosis of wide QRS complex tachycardia.
Extracardiac vascular and neural lesions in the toxic oil syndrome.
Echocardiographic estimation of critical left ventricular size in infants with isolated aortic valve stenosis.
Congenitally corrected transposition and Ebstein's anomaly of the systemic atrioventricular valve: association with aortic arch obstruction.
Exercise hemodynamics and myocardial metabolism during long-term beta-adrenergic blockade in severe heart failure
Influence of calcium administration on the short-term hemodynamic and anti-ischemic effects of nifedipine.
Limitations of thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction complicated by congestive heart failure and cardiogenic shock.
Load dependence of the effective regurgitant orifice area in a sheep model of aortic regurgitation.
Comparison of catheter ablation using radiofrequency versus direct current energy: biophysical, electrophysiologic and pathologic observations.
Transesophageal echocardiographic demonstration of distinct mechanisms for right to left shunting across a patent foramen ovale in the absence of pulmonary hypertension.
Excimer laser-facilitated balloon angioplasty of a nondilatable lesion.
Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty of proximal subclavian artery stenosis after left internal mammary to left anterior descending artery bypass surgery.
A placebo-controlled trial of continuous intravenous diltiazem infusion for 24-hour heart rate control during atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter: a multicenter study.
Relation between ST segment shifts during ischemia and thrombin activity in patients with unstable angina.
Progression of coronary atherosclerosis: is coronary spasm related to progression?
Demonstration of myocardial reperfusion injury in humans: results of a pilot study utilizing acute coronary angioplasty with perfluorochemical in anterior myocardial infarction.
Decreasing survival benefit from cardiac transplantation for outpatients as the waiting list lengthens.
Lipoprotein(a) and apolipoprotein changes after cardiac transplantation.
Cardiac involvement in patients with primary antiphospholipid syndrome.
Sustained ventricular tachycardia associated with sarcoidosis: assessment of the underlying cardiac anatomy and the prospective utility of programmed ventricular stimulation, drug therapy and an implantable antitachycardia device.
Patterns in visual interpretation of coronary arteriograms as detected by quantitative coronary arteriography.
First-pass nuclear magnetic resonance imaging studies using gadolinium-DTPA in patients with coronary artery disease.
Metabolic and functional recovery of ischemic human myocardium after coronary angioplasty
The double-balloon and Inoue techniques in percutaneous mitral valvuloplasty: comparative results in a series of 232 cases.
Reproducibility of left ventricular myocardial volume and mass measurements by ultrafast computed tomography.
Visceral fat accumulation: the missing link between psychosocial factors and cardiovascular disease?
Antihypertensive efficacy and tolerability of enalapril and slow-release verapamil in essential hypertension: a double-blind, cross-over study.
Long-term prognosis after early intervention with metoprolol in suspected acute myocardial infarction: experiences from the MIAMI Trial. The MIAMI Trial Research Group.
Patients admitted to the emergency room with symptoms indicative of acute myocardial infarction.
Cerebral infarction in young people. A study of 148 patients with early cerebral angiography.
Cavernomas of the central nervous system: clinical and neuroimaging manifestations in 47 patients.
Cardiovascular reflexes and autonomic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Isolated angiitis of the central nervous system: involvement of penetrating vessels at the base of the brain.
Juvenile progressive systemic sclerosis: report of five cases.
Priapism as a manifestation of isolated genital vasculitis.
The Washington University-Barnes Hospital experience with lung transplantation. Washington University Lung Transplantation Group
Successful surgical treatment of atrial fibrillation. Review and clinical update
A case of intracerebral air embolism secondary to the insertion of a Hickman line.
Differences in vascular reactivity in models of ischemic acute renal failure.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease as a cause of chest pain.
Microvascular angina. Cardiovascular investigations regarding pathophysiology and management.
The relationship between esophageal motility disorders and microvascular angina.
Psychiatric aspects of chest pain in the emergency department.
Experimental treatment of thrombotic vascular occlusion.
The effect of streptokinase on chest pain in acute myocardial infarction.
Empowering potential: a theory of wellness motivation.
Treatment of acute systemic toxicity after the rapid intravenous injection of ropivacaine and bupivacaine in the conscious dog.
Cardiovascular effects of volatile anesthesia in rabbits: influence of chronic heart failure and enalaprilat treatment.
Operations for subaortic stenosis in univentricular hearts
Indications and limitations of aortic valve reconstruction.
Warm heart surgery and results of operation for recent myocardial infarction.
Current treatment for Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: results and surgical implications.
Acute postinfarction septal rupture: long-term results.
Effect of a cyclic adenosine monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor, DN-9693, on myocardial reperfusion injury.
Treatment of cardiogenic shock with the Hemopump left ventricular assist device.
Prophylaxis of atrial fibrillation with magnesium sulfate after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Bezold-Jarisch reflex in postoperative pediatric cardiac surgical patients.
Combined thoracic aortic dissection and abdominal aortic fusiform aneurysm.
Large mediastinal mass secondary to an aortocoronary saphenous vein bypass graft aneurysm.
Successful combined operation for Takayasu's arteritis.
Long-term function in University of Cape Town prostheses in the tricuspid position.
Pericardial mass mimicking constrictive pericarditis.
Surgical cure of cardiac arrhythmia. 1969.
Surgical correction of coarctation in early infancy: does surgical technique influence the result?
Coarctation: do we need to resect ductal tissue?
Coarctation and hypoplasia of the aortic arch: will the arch grow?
Role of extended aortoplasty related to the definition of coarctation of the aorta.
Role of balloon angioplasty in the treatment of aortic coarctation.
The myth of the aortic annulus: the anatomy of the subaortic outflow tract.
Surgical management of diffuse subaortic stenosis: an integrated approach.
Extended aortic valvuloplasty: a new approach for the management of congenital valvar aortic stenosis.
Extended aortic root replacement with cryopreserved allografts: do they hold up?
The Damus-Stansel-Kaye procedure: anatomical determinants and modifications.
Heart transplantation in children: an international survey.
Local thrombin synthesis and fibrin formation in an in vitro thrombosis model result in platelet recruitment and thrombus stabilization on collagen in heparinized blood
National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group Report on High Blood Pressure in Pregnancy
The effect of caffeine on postprandial hypotension in the elderly
Safety and efficacy of repeat thrombolytic treatment after acute myocardial infarction.
Fibrin fragment D-dimer and fibrinogen B beta peptides in plasma as markers of clot lysis during thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
Comparison of intravenous bolus injection or continuous infusion of recombinant single chain urokinase-type plasminogen activator (saruplase) for thrombolysis. A canine model of combined coronary arterial and femoral venous thrombosis.
Brachial approach to emergency cardiac catheterization during thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction. TAMI Study Group.
Alfentanil for urgent caesarean section in a patient with severe mitral stenosis and pulmonary hypertension.
Impaired potassium-induced dilation in hypertensive rat cerebral arteries does not reflect altered Na+,K(+)-ATPase dilation.
Diabetes-induced alterations in atrial natriuretic peptide gene expression in Wistar-Kyoto and spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Potassium accumulation in the globally ischemic mammalian heart. A role for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel.
Endogenous prostaglandin endoperoxides and prostacyclin modulate the thrombolytic activity of tissue plasminogen activator. Effects of simultaneous inhibition of thromboxane A2 synthase and blockade of thromboxane A2/prostaglandin H2 receptors in a canine model of coronary thrombosis.
Fate of patients with acute myocardial infarction with patency of the infarct-related vessel achieved with successful thrombolysis versus rescue angioplasty.
Repeat infusion of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator in patients with acute myocardial infarction and early recurrent myocardial ischemia.
Tolerance to intravenous nitroglycerin in patients with congestive heart failure: role of increased intravascular volume, neurohumoral activation and lack of prevention with N-acetylcysteine
A phase IA trial of sequential administration recombinant DNA-produced interferons: combination recombinant interferon gamma and recombinant interferon alfa in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Autoimmune MRL-1 pr/1pr mice are an animal model for the secondary antiphospholipid syndrome.
Anticardiolipin and antineutrophil antibodies in giant cell arteritis.
The development of penicillin-resistant oral streptococci after repeated penicillin prophylaxis.
Health practice correlates in three adult age groups: results from two community surveys.
Determination of the extent of lower-extremity peripheral arterial disease with color-assisted duplex sonography: comparison with angiography.
Duplex Doppler sonography of the carotid artery: false-positive results in an artery contralateral to an artery with marked stenosis.
Percutaneous placement of Hickman catheters: comparison of sonographically guided and blind techniques.
Myocardial infarct size reduction by the synergistic effect of hyperbaric oxygen and recombinant tissue plasminogen activator.
Delayed decline in plasma atrial natriuretic peptide levels after an abrupt reduction in atrial pressures: observation in patients with dual-chamber pacing.
Comparison of coronary and myocardial morphologic findings in patients with and without thrombolytic therapy during fatal first acute myocardial infarction. The TIMI Investigators.
Recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator followed by heparin compared with heparin alone for refractory unstable angina pectoris.
Electrophysiologic and electrocardiographic effects, efficacy and safety of encainide in malignant ventricular arrhythmias associated with coronary artery disease.
Expression of natriuretic peptide in ventricular myocardium of failing human hearts and its correlation with the severity of clinical and hemodynamic impairment.
Thrombolytic therapy for myocardial infarction: assessment of efficacy by myocardial perfusion imaging with technetium-99m sestamibi.
Association between antiphospholipid antibodies and cardiac abnormalities in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Why all placentas should be examined by a pathologist in 1990
Simultaneous measurement of all thrombosis parameters from native human blood: usefulness in monitoring efficacy and complications of thrombolytic therapy.
Tissue plasminogen activator-associated lingual artery hemorrhage.
Inefficacy and proarrhythmic effects of flecainide and encainide for sustained ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in the treatment of neonatal respiratory failure.
Effects of a moderate dose of alcohol on blood lipids and lipoproteins postprandially and in the fasting state.
Effect of prazosin treatment on HDL kinetics in patients with hypertension.
Plasma atrial natriuretic peptide in young normotensive subjects with a family history of hypertension and in young hypertensive patients.
Inhibition of the metabolism of atrial natriuretic factor causes diuresis and natriuresis in chronic heart failure.
The role of the left ventricle in atrial natriuretic peptide secretion in acute mitral regurgitation.
The atrial natriuretic factor hormonal system in the regulation of sodium excretion in dogs with experimental heart failure.
Rapid resolution of ST elevation and prediction of clinical outcome in patients undergoing thrombolysis with alteplase (recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator): results of the Israeli Study of Early Intervention in Myocardial Infarction.
Anaesthetic management of myocardial infarction in a parturient.
Effects of tissue-type plasminogen activator and anisoylated plasminogen streptokinase activator complex on mortality in acute myocardial infarction.
Comparison of neuroendocrine activation in patients with left ventricular dysfunction with and without congestive heart failure. A substudy of the Studies of Left Ventricular Dysfunction (SOLVD).
Thrombolytic and pharmacokinetic properties of a conjugate of recombinant single-chain urokinase-type plasminogen activator with a monoclonal antibody specific for cross-linked fibrin in a baboon venous thrombosis model
Neutralization of low molecular weight heparin by polybrene prevents thromboxane release and severe pulmonary hypertension in awake sheep
Absorbable rings for pediatric valvuloplasty. Preliminary study.
Multicenter comparison of once- and twice-daily isradipine to hydrochlorothiazide for the treatment of hypertension in elderly patients.
Effect of cardiac tamponade on atrial natriuretic peptide concentrations: influence of stretch and pressure.
Report of a hidden case of overfeeding.
Increased circulating concentration of the N-terminus of the atrial natriuretic factor prohormone in persons with pheochromocytomas.
Coronary hemodynamic effects of atrial natriuretic peptide in humans.
Automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator: is early implantation cost-effective?
Transthoracic high frequency (7.5 MHz) echocardiographic assessment of coronary vascular reserve and its relation to left ventricular mass.
Tocainide and mortality after myocardial infarction: a prospective study in conscious dogs.
Torsades de pointes occurring in association with terfenadine use.
Superior vena caval obstruction in patients with gut failure receiving home parenteral nutrition.
Adrenergic regulation of (Na+, K+)-ATPase activity in proximal tubules of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
A comparison between heparin and low-dose aspirin as adjunctive therapy with tissue plasminogen activator for acute myocardial infarction. Heparin-Aspirin Reperfusion Trial (HART) Investigators
Sigmoid sinus thrombosis diagnosis by contrasted MRI scanning.
Cerebrospinal fluid atrial natriuretic factor in intracranial disease.
Stroke in patients treated with thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction. The thrombosis in myocardial infarction clinical trial and a review of placebo-controlled trials.
Spinal cord ischemia after resection of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms: MR findings in 24 patients.
Critically ischemic myocardium in clinically stable patients following thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction: potential implications for early coronary angioplasty in selected patients.
Renal, hormonal, and hemodynamic effects of low-dose infusion of atrial natriuretic factor in acute myocardial infarction.
Correlations between fibrinolytic function and acute myocardial infarction.
Usefulness of high-frequency analysis of signal-averaged surface electrocardiograms in acute myocardial infarction before and after coronary thrombolysis for assessing coronary reperfusion.
Longitudinal study of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in hypertensive pregnant women: deviations related to the development of superimposed preeclampsia.
Human abdominal aortic aneurysms. Immunophenotypic analysis suggesting an immune-mediated response.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of paramedic emergency medical services in the treatment of prehospital cardiopulmonary arrest.
Myocardial revascularization for chronic stable angina. Analysis of the role of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty based on data available in 1989
National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group report on ambulatory blood pressure monitoring.
Effects of therapeutic doses of heparin on thrombolysis with tissue-type plasminogen activator in rabbits.
Long term reduction in sodium balance: possible additional mechanism whereby nifedipine lowers blood pressure
Comparison of propranolol, diltiazem, and nifedipine in the treatment of ambulatory ischemia in patients with stable angina. Differential effects on ambulatory ischemia, exercise performance, and anginal symptoms. The ASIS Study Group
Iloprost attenuates the increased permeability in skeletal muscle after ischemia and reperfusion.
Thrombolytic therapy in acute MI. Weighing the risks and benefits.
Usefulness of late coronary thrombolysis (recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator) in preserving left ventricular function in acute myocardial infarction.
The Western Washington Myocardial Infarction Registry and Emergency Department Tissue Plasminogen Activator Treatment Trial.
Validation of a computerized technique for detection of the gas exchange anaerobic threshold in cardiac disease.
Analysis of the transition to percutaneous placement of Greenfield filters.
Plasma concentration of atrial natriuretic peptide in spontaneous atrioventricular re-entrant tachycardias of childhood.
Obstructed central venous catheters. Restoring function with a 12-hour infusion of low-dose urokinase.
In vivo thrombin inhibition enhances and sustains arterial recanalization with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Factors affecting perioperative pulmonary function in acute respiratory failure.
A new manifestation and treatment alternative for heparin-induced thrombosis.
The significance of myoclonic status epilepticus in postanoxic coma.
Dynamic exercise-induced elevation in plasma levels of atrial natriuretic peptide in patients with effort angina pectoris.
Stimulation of atrial natriuretic peptide and vasopressin during retrograde mitral valvuloplasty.
Neurohumoral activation in congestive heart failure.
Red cell membrane sodium transport: possible genetic role and use in identifying patients at risk of essential hypertension.
Effects of alfentanil and fentanyl on induction of anaesthesia in patients with severe pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Improved compliance measures: applications in an ambulatory hypertensive drug trial.
Hypercholesterolemia: the cost of treatment in perspective.
Changes in standard electrocardiographic ST-segment elevation predictive of successful reperfusion in acute myocardial infarction.
Effect of heparin on coronary arterial patency after thrombolysis with tissue plasminogen activator in acute myocardial infarction.
Usefulness of a pericardial friction rub after thrombolytic therapy during acute myocardial infarction in predicting amount of myocardial damage. The TAMI Study Group.
Nutritional assessment of patients with extended left ventricular assist device support.
Blockade of endogenous anterior hypothalamic atrial natriuretic peptide with monoclonal antibody lowers blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) phase II trial: outcome comparison of a "conservative strategy" in community versus tertiary hospitals. The TIMI Research Group
Precordial ST segment depression predicts a worse prognosis in inferior infarction despite reperfusion therapy. The Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction (TAMI) Study Group.
Angiographic assessment of the infarct-related residual coronary stenosis after spontaneous or therapeutic thrombolysis
Early coronary reperfusion blunts the procoagulant response of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and von Willebrand factor in acute myocardial infarction.
Effects of late administration of tissue-type plasminogen activator on left ventricular remodeling and function after myocardial infarction.
Expression of atrial natriuretic factor in the human ventricle is independent of chamber dilation
Mismatch of left ventricular function and infarct size demonstrated by technetium-99m isonitrile imaging after reperfusion therapy for acute myocardial infarction: identification of myocardial stunning and hyperkinesia.
Electrophysiologic effects of isoproterenol in patients with atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia treated with flecainide.
The value of class IC antiarrhythmic drugs for acute conversion of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation or flutter to sinus rhythm.
Lysis of plasminogen activator-resistant platelet-rich coronary artery thrombus with combined bolus injection of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator and antiplatelet GPIIb/IIIa antibody.
Pulmonary hypertension in a lupus clinic: experience with twenty-four patients.
High-attenuation mediastinal masses on unenhanced CT.
Duplex Doppler sonography of the hepatic vein in tricuspid regurgitation.
Interleukin-6 in serum of patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and giant cell arteritis.
Characterization of Bay U 3405, a novel thromboxane A2/endoperoxide receptor antagonist.
Safety and efficacy of oral flecainide therapy in patients with atrioventricular re-entrant tachycardia.
Prognostic significance of anticentromere antibodies and anti-topoisomerase I antibodies in Raynaud's disease. A prospective study.
Renal effects of atrial natriuretic peptide during dopamine infusion.
Flecainide acetate prevents recurrence of symptomatic paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia. The Flecainide Supraventricular Tachycardia Study Group
Racial differences in responses to thrombolytic therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator. Increased fibrin(ogen)olysis in blacks. The Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction Study Group.
Expression and distribution of atrial natriuretic peptide in human hypertrophic ventricle of hypertensive hearts and hearts with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Mechanisms involved in the response to prolonged infusion of atrial natriuretic factor in patients with chronic heart failure.
Quality of life after bypass surgery for unstable angina. 5-year follow-up results of a Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study
Decreased Gs alpha mRNA levels accompany the fall in Gs and adenylyl cyclase activities in compensated left ventricular hypertrophy. In heart failure, only the impairment in adenylyl cyclase activation progresses.
Beneficial effect of the atrial natriuretic factor analog A68828 in postischemic acute renal failure.
A practical guide to nitrate use.
Prehospital diagnosis and treatment of acute myocardial infarction: a north-south perspective. The Cincinnati Heart Project and the Nashville Prehospital TPA Trial.
Comparison of different doses of epinephrine on myocardial perfusion and resuscitation success during cardiopulmonary resuscitation in a pig model.
Interrelationship between coagulant activity and tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) system in acute ischaemic heart disease. Possible role of the endothelium.
Iliac artery stenosis or obstruction after unsuccessful balloon angioplasty: treatment with a self-expandable stent.
Effects of percutaneous transvenous mitral commissurotomy on levels of plasma atrial natriuretic peptide during exercise.
Cardiovascular collapse following orthoclone OKT3 administration: a case report.
Low angiotensinogen levels are related to the severity and liver dysfunction of congestive heart failure: implications for renin measurements.
Lupus anticoagulant inhibition of in vitro prostacyclin release is associated with a thrombosis-prone subset of patients.
von Willebrand factor and factor VIII in renal transplant recipients under immunosuppression with cyclosporine and steroids. Sequential measurements over 4 months in 17 patients.
Experimental hypertension.
Reasons for the lack of benefit of immediate angioplasty during recombinant tissue plasminogen activator therapy for acute myocardial infarction: a regional wall motion analysis. European Cooperative Study Group.
Cardiac tamponade early after thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction: a rare but not reported hemorrhagic complication.
Clinical course and outcome in class IC antiarrhythmic overdose.
Smoking-attributable mortality and years of potential life lost--United States, 1988.
The unstable ST segment early after thrombolysis for acute infarction and its usefulness as a marker of recurrent coronary occlusion.
Reversion of recent-onset atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm by intravenous flecainide.
Limitations of the electrocardiogram in estimating infarction size after acute reperfusion therapy for myocardial infarction.
T-gamma-lymphoproliferative disorder arising in a background of autoimmune disease and terminating in plasma cell dyscrasia with primary amyloidosis.
Differential hemodynamic effects and tolerance properties of nitroglycerin and an S-nitrosothiol in experimental heart failure.
One hundred ten consecutive primary orthotopic liver transplants under FK 506 in adults.
Myocardial oedema and ventricular function after cardioplegia with added mannitol.
Clinical evaluation of closed-loop control of blood pressure in seriously ill patients.
Clinical applications of carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography.
Current treatment of patients surviving out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.
Life-threatening angioedema.
The combined antiischemic effects of the thromboxane receptor antagonist SQ 30,741 and tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator: current concepts and guidelines for clinical use in acute myocardial infarction. Part II.
Complete atrioventricular block complicating inferior wall acute myocardial infarction treated with reperfusion therapy. TAMI Study Group.
Effect of thrombolysis on the evolution of late potentials within 10 days of infarction.
Mechanism of the increased ventilatory response to exercise in patients with chronic heart failure.
Mortality in a cohort of long-term users of hormone replacement therapy: an updated analysis.
Immediate versus deferred beta-blockade following thrombolytic therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) II-B Study
Intracerebral hemorrhage, cerebral infarction, and subdural hematoma after acute myocardial infarction and thrombolytic therapy in the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Study. Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, Phase II, pilot and clinical trial.
Nifedipine reduces the incidence of myocardial infarction and transient ischemia in patients undergoing coronary bypass grafting.
Increased plasma level of endothelin-1 and coronary spasm induction in patients with vasospastic angina pectoris
Noninvasive diagnostic assessment of peripheral vascular disease.
Effect of plasma from patients with essential hypertension on vascular resistance in the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Flecainide acetate treatment of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation: dose-response studies. The Flecainide Supraventricular Tachycardia Study Group.
Myocardial infarction with minimal coronary atherosclerosis in the era of thrombolytic reperfusion. The Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction (TAMI) Study Group.
Late potentials on signal-averaged electrocardiograms and patency of the infarct-related artery in survivors of acute myocardial infarction.
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of combined early intravenous captopril and recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
Comparison of indium-111 antimyosin antibody and technetium-99m pyrophosphate localization in reperfused and nonreperfused myocardial infarction
Ribose facilitates thallium-201 redistribution in patients with coronary artery disease
Interleukin-2-induced lung injury is mediated by oxygen free radicals.
Efficacy of low-molecular-weight heparin in the management of intermittent claudication.
Streptokinase and recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rt-PA) are equally effective in treating acute myocardial infarction.
Diltiazem-induced psychosis and a possible diltiazem-lithium interaction.
Ventricular arrhythmias during treatment with alteplase (recombinant tissue plasminogen activator) in suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Flecainide in the treatment of fetal tachycardias.
Left anterior fascicular block: an ischaemic response during treadmill testing.
Skin acceptance of transcutaneous nitroglycerin patches: a prospective study of 33 patients.
Concurrent nitroglycerin administration decreases thrombolytic potential of tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Catecholamine responses to histamine infusion in man.
Therapeutic defibrination with ancrod does not protect canine myocardium from reperfusion injury.
Aortic thrombosis after umbilical artery catheterization in neonates: prevalence of complications on long-term follow-up.
Pulsed-spray thrombolysis of arterial and bypass graft occlusions.
Dynamic QRS-complex and ST-segment monitoring in acute myocardial infarction during recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator therapy. The TEAHAT Study Group.
Atrial natriuretic peptide response to cardioversion of atrial flutter and fibrillation and role of associated heart failure.
Influence of dilated cardiomyopathy, myocarditis and cardiac transplantation on the relation between plasma atrial natriuretic factor and atrial pressures.
Failure of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole therapy in experimental enterococcal endocarditis.
Requirement of heparin for arterial and venous thrombolysis with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction in systemic sclerosis and primary pulmonary hypertension.
The benefit to cost ratio of work-site blood pressure control programs.
Cost-effectiveness of HMG-CoA reductase inhibition for primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease.
Mortality, cardiovascular risk factors, and diet in China, Finland, and the United States.
Home blood pressure monitoring for mild hypertensives.
Pulmonary intravascular lipid in neonatal necropsy specimens.
Treating insulin resistance in hypertension with metformin reduces both blood pressure and metabolic risk factors.
Mortality and morbidity in patients receiving encainide, flecainide, or placebo. The Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial.
Pericardial effusion after intravenous recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator for acute myocardial infarction.
End-to-end repair of aortic coarctation using absorbable polydioxanone suture.
Diagnostic imaging of heterotopic ossification with coexistent deep-venous thrombosis in flaccid paraplegia.
Kistrin, a polypeptide platelet GPIIb/IIIa receptor antagonist, enhances and sustains coronary arterial thrombolysis with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator in a canine preparation
Relative efficacy of antithrombin compared with antiplatelet agents in accelerating coronary thrombolysis and preventing early reocclusion.
Influence of coronary collateral vessels on myocardial infarct size in humans. Results of phase I thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) trial. The TIMI Investigators
Noninvasive quantification of regional myocardial blood flow in coronary artery disease with oxygen-15-labeled carbon dioxide inhalation and positron emission tomography.
Increased thrombin levels during thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction. Relevance for the success of therapy.
Isradipine for treatment of acute hypertension after myocardial revascularization.
Chemical sympathectomy alters the development of hypertension in miniature swine.
High density lipoprotein turnover in patients with hypertension.
Long-lasting depression of the factor XII-dependent fibrinolytic system in patients with myocardial infarction undergoing thrombolytic therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator: a randomized placebo-controlled study.
Tissue plasminogen activator for the treatment of thromboembolism in infants and children.
Does atrial appendectomy aggravate secretory function of atrial natriuretic polypeptide?
An atrial natriuretic factor analogue at low doses attenuates forearm reflex vasoconstriction to cardiopulmonary receptor deactivation in patients with hypertension.
The use of intraaortic balloon pumping as an adjunct to reperfusion therapy in acute myocardial infarction. The Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction (TAMI) Study Group.
Lowering of HDL2-cholesterol and lipoprotein A-I particle levels by increasing the ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids.
Acute and sustained release of the atrial natriuretic factor prohormone N-terminus with acute myocardial infarction.
Prevention of deep vein thrombosis after elective hip surgery. A randomized trial comparing low molecular weight heparin with standard unfractionated heparin
Clinical aspects of 100 patients with Kawasaki disease.
Differential effects of atrial natriuretic peptide and dopamine on urinary protein excretion in chronic glomerulonephritis.
Induction and prevention of radiocontrast-induced nephropathy in dogs with heart failure.
Changes in the central ANF-system of renovascular hypertensive rats.
Hypertension, lipoprotein(a), and apolipoprotein A-I as risk factors for stroke in the Chinese.
Effect of high-dose methylprednisolone and U74006F on eicosanoid synthesis after subarachnoid hemorrhage in rats.
Cerebrovascular CO2 reactivity during delayed vasospasm in a canine model of subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Improved speed and accuracy of calculations with a programmable calculator in pediatric emergency scenarios.
Cerebral ischemic events associated with endocarditis, retinal vascular disease, and lupus anticoagulant.
Spontaneous contrast in the pericardial sac caused by gas-forming organisms.
Effects of embolus size on hemodynamics and gas exchange in canine embolic pulmonary hypertension.
Rapid localization of indium-111-labeled inhibited recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in a rabbit thrombosis model.
Possible regulation of atrial natriuretic factor by neutral endopeptidase 24.11 and clearance receptors.
Comparison of celiprolol and propranolol in stable angina pectoris. Celiprolol International Angina Study Group.
Reduction in the frequency of ventricular late potentials after acute myocardial infarction by early thrombolytic therapy.
Usefulness of flecainide for prevention of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and flutter. Danish-Norwegian Flecainide Multicenter Study Group.
Cardiovascular effects of bupropion in depressed patients with heart disease.
Pathophysiological role of augmented atrial natriuretic polypeptide gene expression in DOCA-salt hypertension. Effects of atrial natriuretic polypeptide monoclonal antibody.
Plasma sodium-potassium ATPase inhibition activity in low- and normal-renin hypertension.
Selective versus routine predischarge coronary arteriography after therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator, heparin and aspirin for acute myocardial infarction. TIMI II Investigators.
Comparison of the effects of streptokinase and tissue plasminogen activator on regional wall motion after first myocardial infarction: analysis by the centerline method with correction for area at risk.
Noninvasive detection of reperfusion in acute myocardial infarction based on plasma activity of creatine kinase MB subforms.
Atrial natriuretic peptide in dialysis patients under various conditions of volume homeostasis.
Early thrombolytic treatment reduces analgesic requirement in patients with myocardial infarction.
Cardiac tamponade and hydrothorax as complications of central venous parenteral nutrition in infants.
Plasma prostanoids in neonatal extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. Influence of meconium aspiration.
Overzealous resuscitation of an extremely malnourished patient with nutritional cardiomyopathy.
Submaximal exercise thallium-201 SPECT for assessment of interventional therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Multivessel coronary artery disease: a key predictor of short-term prognosis after reperfusion therapy for acute myocardial infarction. Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction (TAMI) Study Group.
N-terminal pro atrial natriuretic peptide in human plasma.
Hypertension following erythropoietin therapy in anemic hemodialysis patients.
Five-hour balloon inflation to resolve recurrent reocclusion during coronary angioplasty [published erratum appears in Cathet Cardiovasc Diagn 1991 May;23(1):71]
Vasospasm in a coronary artery aneurysm.
Na,K-ATPase in isolated nephron segments in rats with experimental heart failure.
Acute effects of alpha- and beta-adrenoceptor blockade on plasma atrial natriuretic peptides during exercise in elderly patients with mild hypertension.
Brain natriuretic peptide as a novel cardiac hormone in humans. Evidence for an exquisite dual natriuretic peptide system, atrial natriuretic peptide and brain natriuretic peptide.
Recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in two patients with basilar artery occlusion.
An economic evaluation of lovastatin for cholesterol lowering and coronary artery disease reduction.
Effects of time required for reperfusion (thrombolysis or angioplasty, or both) and location of acute myocardial infarction on left ventricular functional reserve capacity several months later.
Effectiveness of glibenclamide on myocardial ischemic ventricular arrhythmias in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Incremental prognostic value of exercise hemodynamic variables in chronic congestive heart failure secondary to coronary artery disease or to dilated cardiomyopathy.
Inhibition of mineralization of glutaraldehyde-pretreated bovine pericardium by AlCl3. Mechanisms and comparisons with FeCl3, LaCl3, and Ga(NO3)3 in rat subdermal model studies.
Intracerebral hemorrhage related to cerebral amyloid angiopathy and t-PA treatment.
Surgical treatment of the Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome by epicardial electrical ablation
Relations between heart rate, ischemia, and drug therapy during daily life in patients with coronary artery disease.
Significance of a negative exercise thallium test in the presence of a critical residual stenosis after thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction.
A1-adenosine receptor inhibition of adenylate cyclase in failing and nonfailing human ventricular myocardium.
Induction of sustained patency after clot-selective coronary thrombolysis with Hybrid-B, a genetically engineered plasminogen activator with a prolonged biological half-life.
Effect of intrathecal fibrinolysis on cerebrospinal fluid absorption after experimental subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Transfer from ophthalmology to another service is a marker of high risk medical events.
Atrial natriuretic peptide, aldosterone, and plasma renin activity in peripartum heart failure.
Bilateral chylothorax.
Low molecular weight heparin (enoxaparin) reduces restenosis after iliac angioplasty in the hypercholesterolemic rabbit.
Importance of antithrombin therapy during coronary angioplasty.
Quantitative estimation of infarct size by simultaneous dual radionuclide single photon emission computed tomography: comparison with peak serum creatine kinase activity.
Effect of nitroglycerin on coronary collateral function during exercise evaluated by quantitative analysis of thallium-201 single photon emission computed tomography.
The effect of enteric-coated aspirin on the morning increase in platelet activity.
Antiarrhythmic actions of tocainide in canine models of previous myocardial infarction.
Comparison of effects of thrombolytic therapy on left ventricular function in patients over with those under 60 years of age.
Mortality in patients treated with flecainide and encainide for supraventricular arrhythmias.
Physical overdistension converts ventricular cardiomyocytes to acquire endocrine property and regulate ventricular atrial natriuretic peptide production.
t-PA, PAI, and protein C before and after vascular occlusion of the upper limb in patients with Raynaud's phenomenon.
Importance of the aminoglycoside dosing regimen in the penicillin-netilmicin combination for treatment of Enterococcus faecalis-induced experimental endocarditis.
Amiloride delays the ischemia-induced rise in cytosolic free calcium.
Effects of quinapril, a new angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, on left ventricular failure and survival in the cardiomyopathic hamster. Hemodynamic, morphological, and biochemical correlates.
The day-long antianginal effectiveness of nitroglycerin patches. A double-blind study using dose-titration.
Treatment of superior vena cava thrombosis with recombinant tissue type plasminogen activator.
Acute sternal opening after cardiac surgery in children: effect on plasma atrial natriuretic peptide.
Depressed aerobic enzyme activity of skeletal muscle in severe chronic heart failure.
A prostacyclin analog impairs the response to tissue-type plasminogen activator during coronary thrombolysis: evidence for a pharmacokinetic interaction.
Adrenergic receptor responsiveness and congestive heart failure.
Local cardiac responses--alternative methods of control.
Effect of saline infusion on urinary calcium excretion in essential hypertension.
Importance of the renin-angiotensin system in sodium regulation in essential hypertension.
MIDAS, the Multicenter Isradipine/Diuretic Atherosclerosis Study. Design features and baseline data.
Prevention of stroke and brain damage with calcium antagonists in animals.
Multicenter evaluation of efficacy, tolerability and safety of a new first-line antihypertensive drug, isradipine, in a Latin-American population.
Isradipine twice daily lowers blood pressure over 24 H.
Isradipine: overall clinical experience in hypertension in the United States.
Isradipine in the treatment of hypertension. Some additional effects observed during a one-year study.
Antihypertensive effect of isradipine on blood pressure at rest and during exercise.
Time course of the blood pressure response to oral isradipine in uncomplicated mild-to-moderate essential hypertension.
Antihypertensive effects of isradipine and captopril as monotherapy or in combination.
A multicenter comparison of the safety and efficacy of isradipine and enalapril in the treatment of hypertension.
Effect of isradipine on 24-h blood pressure profile demonstrated by repeated monitoring.
Twenty-four-hour blood pressure control with isradipine in mild essential hypertension.
Low-dose isradipine once daily effectively controls 24-h blood pressure in essential hypertension.
Decreased fibrinolytic activity and increased platelet function in hypertension. Possible influence of calcium antagonism.
Effect of isradipine on factors affecting blood viscosity.
Platelet-activating effect of low-density lipoprotein and its reversal by isradipine.
Effects of isradipine on platelet function in hypertension at rest and during exercise.
Beneficial effects of the calcium antagonist isradipine on apolipoproteins in hypertensive patients.
Negative inotropic activity of the calcium antagonists isradipine, nifedipine, diltiazem, and verapamil in diseased human myocardium.
Regression of left ventricular hypertrophy in the short-term treatment of hypertension with isradipine.
Acute antihypertensive and renal effects of isradipine in hypertensive patients with normal and reduced renal function.
Effects of isradipine on peripheral hemodynamic reflex responses in mild-to-moderate essential hypertension.
Effect of isradipine and atenolol on lung function in patients with mild essential hypertension.
Influence of isradipine on the maternal and fetal cardiovascular system in hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.
Management of perioperative hypertension using intravenous isradipine.
Isradipine, a calcium antagonist, in the control of hypertension following coronary artery-bypass surgery.
The place of isradipine in the treatment of hypertension.
A randomized comparison of intravenous heparin with oral aspirin and dipyridamole 24 hours after recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator for acute myocardial infarction. National Heart Foundation of Australia Coronary Thrombolysis Group.
Evaluation of combination thrombolytic therapy and timing of cardiac catheterization in acute myocardial infarction. Results of thrombolysis and angioplasty in myocardial infarction--phase 5 randomized trial. TAMI Study Group
Evidence for reduced fibrinolytic activity in unstable angina at rest. Clinical, biochemical, and angiographic correlates.
Response of atrial natriuretic factor to acute and chronic increases of atrial pressures in experimental heart failure in dogs. Role of changes in heart rate, atrial dimension, and cardiac tissue concentration.
Inhibition of neutral endopeptidase (EC 3.4.24.11) leads to an atrial natriuretic factor-mediated natriuretic, diuretic and antihypertensive response in rodents.
PAF-induced bowel necrosis. Effects of vasodilators.
Endothelium-dependent responses of cerebral blood vessels during chronic hypertension.
Ventilatory dysfunction precedes pulmonary vascular changes in monocrotaline-treated rats.
Synthesis of C1 inhibitor in fibroblasts from patients with type I and type II hereditary angioneurotic edema.
Pulmonary and urinary clearance of atrial natriuretic factor in acute congestive heart failure in dogs.
Intravenous nitroglycerine in the management of posttreatment hypertension during electroconvulsive therapy.
Myocardial distribution of indium-111-antimyosin Fab in acute inferior and right ventricular infarction: comparison with technetium-99m-pyrophosphate imaging and histologic examination
Blood-brain barrier disruption after cardiopulmonary resuscitation in immature swine.
Production of endothelium-derived contracting factor is enhanced after coronary reperfusion.
Infected intravenous port device causing tricuspid valve regurgitation.
Transcription, storage and release of atrial natriuretic factor in the failing human heart.
Hypo-fibrinolysis in patients with hypertension and elevated cholesterol.
Organ-specific cardiac antibodies: serological markers for systemic hypertension in autoimmune polyendocrinopathy.
Treatment of systemic vasculitis with pooled intravenous immunoglobulin.
Suprasellar and intraventricular blood predict elevated plasma atrial natriuretic factor in subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Economic analyses in hypertension: applications for healthcare providers.
Double blind crossover comparison of the effects of dual chamber pacing (DDD) and ventricular rate adaptive (VVIR) pacing on neuroendocrine variables, exercise performance, and symptoms in complete heart block.
Blood flow reactivity to hypercapnia in strictly unilateral carotid disease: preliminary results.
Results of a recently instituted programme of thrombolytic therapy in acute lower limb ischaemia.
Prevention of perioperative deep vein thrombosis in general surgery: a multicentre double blind study comparing two doses of Logiparin and standard heparin. H.B.P.M. Research Group.
Renal sensitivity to endothelium-derived-relaxing-factor-mediated vasodilatation in the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
Coronary patency, infarct size and left ventricular function after thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction: results from the tissue plasminogen activator: Toronto (TPAT) placebo-controlled trial. TPAT Study Group
Doppler echocardiographic transmitral peak early velocity does not directly reflect hemodynamic changes in humans: importance of normalization to mitral stroke volume
Normalization of left ventricular mass and associated changes in neurohormones and atrial natriuretic peptide after 1 year of sustained nifedipine therapy for severe hypertension.
Possible mechanism of vascular reocclusion after initially successful thrombolysis with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator.
The acute effects of flecainide in the swine heart failing from incessant supraventricular tachycardia.
The use of intravenous milrinone in chronic symptomatic ischemic heart disease.
Lipoprotein (a) blood levels in unstable angina pectoris, acute myocardial infarction, and after thrombolytic therapy.
Rationale for development of low-molecular-weight heparins and their clinical potential in the prevention of postoperative venous thrombosis.
Cost-effectiveness of prophylaxis in total hip replacement.
Efficacy and safety of a perioperative enoxaparin regimen in total hip replacement under various anesthesias.
Efficacy of a postoperative regimen of enoxaparin in deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis.
Reduction of canine myocardial infarct size by a diffusible reactive oxygen metabolite scavenger. Efficacy of dimethylthiourea given at the onset of reperfusion.
The economic implications of high-risk abdominal aortic aneurysms.
The interaction of vasodilating drugs and sympathetic blockade in normal and ischemic canine hindlimbs.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and antihypertensives.
Antihypertensive effect of cicletanine is exaggerated in NaCl-sensitive hypertension.
Hormonal and local factors in hypertension.
Neuroendocrine activity in untreated heart failure.
Coronary vasoconstriction induced by vasopressin. Production of myocardial ischemia in dogs by constriction of nondiseased small vessels.
L-type cardiac calcium channels in doxorubicin cardiomyopathy in rats morphological, biochemical, and functional correlations.
Effects of lipoprotein (a) on success rate of thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
Long-term effect of thrombolytic therapy on left ventricular ejection fraction after acute myocardial infarction.
Intracellular compartmentation of cardiac troponin T and its release kinetics in patients with reperfused and nonreperfused myocardial infarction.
Costs and health consequences of cholesterol screening for asymptomatic older Americans.
Relationship between plasma atrial natriuretic factor and urinary kallikrein excretion in essential hypertensives.
Increased calcium influx in caudal artery of rats made hypertensive with pyridoxine deficiency.
Inhibitor of the thrombin time in systemic amyloidosis: a common coagulation abnormality.
Cost effectiveness of incremental programmes for lowering serum cholesterol concentration: is individual intervention worth while?
Economic issues relating to access to medications.
Dopaminergic abnormalities in borderline essential hypertensive patients.
Pharmacology of the nitrovasodilators. Antianginal, antihypertensive, and antiplatelet actions.
End-tidal CO2 monitoring in mitral stenosis patients undergoing closed mitral commissurotomy.
Events in the Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial (CAST): mortality in the entire population enrolled [published erratum appears in J Am Coll Cardiol 1991 Sep;18(3):888]
Events in the Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial (CAST): mortality in patients surviving open label titration but not randomized to double-blind therapy.
Promoting heart health for Southeast Asians: a database for planning interventions.
Reactivity to vasoactive agents of canine basilar arteries exposed to experimental subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Thrombosis in systemic lupus erythematosus: a French collaborative study.
Extracranial vertebral artery dissection following tonic clonic seizure.
Effect of tissue plasminogen activator on intimal platelet accumulation in cerebral arteries after subarachnoid hemorrhage in cats.
Cardiovascular effects of isradipine in essential hypertension.
Na+, K(+)-ATPase inhibition and intracellular electrolyte content in essential and secondary hypertension.
A prospective comparison of class IA, B, and C antiarrhythmic agents in combination with amiodarone in patients with inducible, sustained ventricular tachycardia
Effect of diltiazem on symptomatic and asymptomatic episodes of ST segment depression occurring during daily life and during exercise.
Effective thrombolysis without marked plasminemia after bolus intravenous administration of vampire bat salivary plasminogen activator in rabbits
Concurrent hydralazine administration prevents nitroglycerin-induced hemodynamic tolerance in experimental heart failure.
Abnormal hormonal and renal responses to saline load in hypertensive patients with parental history of cardiovascular accidents.
Coronary thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator. Intracoronary vs intravenous administration.
Ventricular tachycardia with congenital ventricular diverticulum.
Defining the proper role for self-administered sublingual nitroglycerin. A survey of physicians and patients.
An analysis of sequential physiologic changes in hypoxic cor pulmonale during long-term oxygen therapy.
Direct mechanical ventricular actuation for cardiac arrest in humans. A clinical feasibility trial
Effect of aldose reductase inhibition on resistance to ischemic conduction block in diabetic subjects.
Intracoronary recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator in unstable angina: a pilot angiographic study.
Comparison of tomographic and planar imaging for the evaluation of thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction using pre- and post-treatment myocardial scintigraphy with technetium-99m sestamibi.
Rapid changes of atrial natriuretic peptide concentration during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Congestive heart failure in diabetes with hypertension may be due to uncoupling of the atrial natriuretic peptide receptor-effector system in the kidney basolateral membrane.
Atrial regulation of intravascular volume: observations on the tachycardia-polyuria syndrome.
Incidence of left ventricular thrombi formation after thrombolytic therapy with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator, heparin, and aspirin in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Safety and cost effectiveness of combined coronary angiography and angioplasty.
Coronary recanalization rate after intravenous bolus of alteplase in acute myocardial infarction.
Abnormal tubular handling of sodium and water induced by atrial natriuretic peptide in essential hypertension.
Selective pulmonary vasodilation by low-dose infusion of adenosine triphosphate in newborn lambs.
Prevention of vasospasm by clot removal and intrathecal bolus injection of tissue-type plasminogen activator: preliminary report.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage from multiple neurofibromas of the cauda equina: case report.
Altered stores of atrial natriuretic peptide in specific brain nuclei of NaCl-sensitive spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Effects of atriopeptidase inhibitor UK 79300 on left ventricular hydraulic load in patients with congestive heart failure.
Early abdominal complications following heart and heart-lung transplantation.
Dysrhythmias and blood pressure changes associated with thrombolysis.
Effect of aspirin on heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty in men who have osteoarthrosis.
Treatment of urticaria and angioedema: low-sedating H1-type antihistamines.
Intracisternal recombinant tissue plasminogen activator after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Phase I trial of tissue plasminogen activator for the prevention of vasospasm in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Effect of intrathecal fibrinolytic therapy on clot lysis and vasospasm in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Bleeding complications following initiation of thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction: a comparison of helicopter-transported and nontransported patients.
Hemorrhagic events during therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator, heparin, and aspirin for acute myocardial infarction. Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI), Phase II Trial.
Plasma levels of an endogenous Na(+)-K+ pump inhibitor in relation to haemodynamic data in cardiopathic patients.
Cost-effectiveness of antihypertensive treatment. General considerations.
Cost and quality trade-offs in the treatment of hypertension.
Proarrhythmia, cardiac arrest and death in young patients receiving encainide and flecainide. The Pediatric Electrophysiology Group
Depression of factor XII-dependent fibrinolytic activity characterizes patients with early myocardial reinfarction after recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator therapy.
Disturbed secretion of atrial natriuretic peptide in patients with persistent atrial standstill: endocrinologic silence.
Alleviation of cocaine-induced coronary vasoconstriction by nitroglycerin.
Retrograde coronary venous administration of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator: a unique and effective approach to coronary artery thrombolysis.
Coronary artery thrombolysis: comparison of approved agents.
Combination thrombolytic therapy: a comparison of simultaneous and sequential regimens of tissue plasminogen activator and urokinase.
Coronary bypass surgery improves global and regional left ventricular function following thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction. TAMI Study Group.
Indices of reperfusion in patients with acute myocardial infarction using characteristics of the CK-MB time-activity curve.
Serial antiarrhythmic drug treatment to maintain sinus rhythm after electrical cardioversion for chronic atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter.
Different mechanisms of polyuria and natriuresis associated with paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Effects of enoximone on exercise tolerance in patients with mild to moderate heart failure.
Assessment of blood echogenicity as an alternative measure to erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
Dysfunction of the beta- and alpha-adrenergic systems in a model of congestive heart failure. The pacing-overdrive dog.
Natriuretic peptides as cardiac hormones in normotensive and spontaneously hypertensive rats. The ventricle is a major site of synthesis and secretion of brain natriuretic peptide.
A prospective, randomized trial comparing combination half-dose tissue-type plasminogen activator and streptokinase with full-dose tissue-type plasminogen activator. Kentucky Acute Myocardial Infarction Trial (KAMIT) Group.
Respiratory and circulatory analysis of CO2 output during exercise in chronic heart failure.
The effects of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy on renal growth, function and arterial blood pressure in an animal model.
Central nervous system monitoring. What helps, what does not.
Arteriographic findings in EDTA chelation therapy on peripheral arteriosclerosis.
Tissue plasminogen activator release and plasminogen activator inhibitor levels in coronary artery disease.
Analysis of the hemodynamic and ventilatory effects of laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Immunoblotting and culture positive endocarditis.
A regional prospective study of in-hospital mortality associated with coronary artery bypass grafting. The Northern New England Cardiovascular Disease Study Group.
Osmotic diarrhea induced by sugar-free theophylline solution in critically ill patients.
Valve extension with glutaraldehyde-preserved autologous pericardium. Results in mitral valve repair.
Lack of effect of PN 200-110 on neuronal injury and neurological outcome in middle cerebral artery-occluded rats.
Utility of a transdermal delivery system for antihypertensive therapy. Part 1.
Overnight studies in severe chronic left heart failure: arrhythmias and oxygen desaturation.
Syndrome X and hyperventilation.
Routine programmed electrical stimulation in survivors of acute myocardial infarction for prediction of spontaneous ventricular tachyarrhythmias during follow-up: results, optimal stimulation protocol and cost-effective screening
Low-molecular-weight heparin (enoxaparin) vs dextran 70. The prevention of postoperative deep vein thrombosis after total hip replacement. The Danish Enoxaparin Study Group.
Contribution of prostaglandins to pressure natriuresis in Dahl salt-sensitive rats.
Renal effects of ANF (95-126), a new atrial peptide analogue, in dogs with experimental heart failure.
Contractile response of aorta to alpha 1-adrenergic stimulation in Ca(2+)-free medium is reduced in spontaneous hypertension.
Increased plasma levels and blunted effects of brain natriuretic peptide in rats with congestive heart failure.
Atrial natriuretic factor modulates the plasma levels of a Na+/K+ATPase inhibitor in volume expanded borderline hypertensives.
ATP-regulated K+ channels protect the myocardium against ischemia/reperfusion damage.
Blockade of the ATP-sensitive potassium channel modulates reactive hyperemia in the canine coronary circulation.
Sulfonylureas, ATP-sensitive K+ channels, and cellular K+ loss during hypoxia, ischemia, and metabolic inhibition in mammalian ventricle.
Differences in hypertension prevalence among U.S. black and white women of childbearing age.
Resting pulse rate of children and young adults associated with blood pressure and other cardiovascular risk factors.
Oral almitrine in treatment of acute respiratory failure and cor pulmonale in patients with an exacerbation of chronic obstructive airways disease.
Reduction of myocardial infarct size by poloxamer 188 and mannitol in a canine model.
Efficacy of slow-release nifedipine on myocardial ischemic episodes in variant angina pectoris.
Omega-3 fatty acids in health and disease and in growth and development.
Cardiac rehabilitation services: what are they and are they worth it?
Is routine CT scanning necessary in the preoperative evaluation of patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy?
A pilot study of the efficacy and safety of bolus administration of alteplase in acute myocardial infarction.
Avoidance of tolerance and lack of rebound with intermittent dose titrated transdermal glyceryl trinitrate. The Transdermal Nitrate Investigators.
Plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1, beta-thromboglobulin, and fibrinopeptide A before, during, and after treatment of acute myocardial infarction with alteplase.
Differences in beta-adrenergic neuroeffector mechanisms in ischemic versus idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Comparative effects of APSAC and rt-PA on infarct size and left ventricular function in acute myocardial infarction. A multicenter randomized study.
Abnormal vasomotor changes early after coronary angioplasty. A quantitative arteriographic study of their time course.
Thrombolytic and pharmacokinetic properties of chimeric tissue-type and urokinase-type plasminogen activators.
Interferon-gamma inhibits arterial stenosis after injury.
Hypercarbic acidosis reduces cardiac resuscitability.
Fatty acids in human platelets and plasma. Fish oils decrease sensitivity toward N2 microbubbles.
Coronary occlusion following diagnostic angiography: salvage by intracoronary stenting.
Clinical, laboratory, roentgenographic, and electrocardiographic findings in patients with acute pulmonary embolism and no pre-existing cardiac or pulmonary disease.
A case of chronic mountain sickness diagnosed by routine pulmonary function tests.
Very severe self-poisoning lithium carbonate intoxication causing a myocardial infarction.
Opportunities to improve the cost-effectiveness of treatment for hypertension.
Molecular biology of hypertension.
A summary index for the assessment of quality of life in angina pectoris.
Anti-anginal therapy and quality of life. A comparison of the effects of transdermal nitroglycerin and long-acting oral nitrates.
Arteriopathy and coarctation of the abdominal aorta in children with mucopolysaccharidosis: imaging findings.
Thrombosis and thrombolysis in unstable angina.
Impaired response of atrial natriuretic factor to blood volume expansion in acute right ventricular infarction.
Acute and sustained changes in sodium balance during nifedipine treatment in essential hypertension.
Treatment of fetal supraventricular tachycardia with flecainide acetate after digoxin failure.
Effects of nitroglycerin and diltiazem on well-developed coronary collateral circulation in conscious dogs.
Thrombolytic therapy: then and now.
Four years of North American registry home parenteral nutrition outcome data and their implications for patient management.
Differential gene expression in the recovery from ischemic renal injury.
Significance of anti-phospholipid antibodies in patients with lupus nephritis.
Segregation of atrial-specific and inducible expression of an atrial natriuretic factor transgene in an in vivo murine model of cardiac hypertrophy.
Evaluating South Carolina's community cardiovascular disease prevention project.
Cerebral perfusion during canine hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass: effect of arterial carbon dioxide tension
