Pulmonary oedema following relief of upper airway obstruction in the Pierre-Robin syndrome: a consequence of early palatal repair?
Cytokine messenger RNA stability is enhanced in tumor cells.
Cytoreductive surgery in disseminated non-seminomatous germ cell tumours of testis.
Symptomatic treatment versus combination chemotherapy for patients with extensive non-small cell lung cancer.
In vivo measurements of the fraction of dose of bleomycin labeled with cobalt 57 delivered to human tumors.
Pulmonary concerns and the exercise prescription.
Reversibility of cardiac abnormalities in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected individuals: a serial echocardiographic study.
CD4+ T cell clones specific for the human p97 melanoma-associated antigen can eradicate pulmonary metastases from a murine tumor expressing the p97 antigen.
Vinblastine fails to improve response of renal cancer to interferon alfa-n1: high response rate in patients with pulmonary metastases.
Synergistic anti-Pneumocystis carinii effects of erythromycin and sulfisoxazole.
Metastatic properties of the human prostatic cell line, PPC-1, in athymic nude mice.
Interleukin-2 immunotherapy followed by resection of residual renal cell carcinoma.
Exercise and the incidence of upper respiratory tract infections.
Pericardial actinomycosis: case report and review.
Manifestations of pulmonary cryptococcosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Necrotizing tracheitis caused by Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum: unique case and review.
Patterns of morbidity and mortality in typhoid fever dependent on age and gender: review of 552 hospitalized patients with diarrhea.
Rhodococcus equi infection in the patient with AIDS: literature review and report of an unusual case.
Mechanisms of disease in Hantavirus infection: pathophysiology of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome.
Factors affecting the development of pneumothorax associated with thoracentesis.
Prevalence of air bronchograms in small peripheral carcinomas of the lung on thin-section CT: comparison with benign tumors.
Antioxidant protection systems of rat lung after chronic ethanol inhalation.
Intratracheal surfactant administration restores gas exchange in experimental adult respiratory distress syndrome associated with viral pneumonia.
Droperidol prevents serotonin-induced bronchospasm in the guinea pig.
The role of leukotriene antagonists and inhibitors in the treatment of airway disease.
The role of leukotrienes in allergic rhinitis: a review.
The potential roles of leukotrienes in bronchial asthma.
Recurrent laryngeal nerve section for spastic dysphonia: 5- to 14-year preliminary results in the first 300 patients.
Independent genetic determinants of pancreatic and pulmonary status in cystic fibrosis
Bilateral chylothorax following jugular catheterization in a woman with complete situs inversus.
Pneumococcal bacterial tracheitis.
Disposition of spontaneous pneumomediastinum.
Sebaceous carcinoma: an unusual cause of a rapidly enlarging rhinophyma.
Lower cranial nerve palsies. Potentially lethal in association with upper cervical fracture-dislocations.
Effect of selective flora suppression on colonization, infection, and mortality in critically ill patients: a one-year, prospective consecutive study.
Persistence of supply dependency of oxygen uptake at high levels of delivery in adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Effect of nasogastric tubes on the nose and maxillary sinus.
Complications associated with brachytherapy alone or with laser in lung cancer.
Crackles in patients with fibrosing alveolitis, bronchiectasis, COPD, and heart failure.
Cholesterol: a useful parameter for distinguishing between pleural exudates and transudates.
Benign pleural effusions in long-standing diabetes mellitus.
Temporal trends in chronic obstructive lung disease case fatality in hospitalized US veterans: 1970-1987.
Delivered dose and regional distribution of aerosolized pentamidine using different delivery systems.
Does oximetry contribute to the detection of apneic events? Mathematical processing of the SaO2 signal.
Metsovo lung outside Metsovo. Endemic pleural calcifications in the ophiolite belts of Greece.
A 19-year follow-up of tuberculin reactors. Assessment of skin test reactivity and in vitro lymphocyte responses.
Bronchoalveolar lavage cell data in amiodarone-associated pneumonitis. Evaluation in 22 patients.
Suppression of ventilatory muscle activity in healthy subjects and COPD patients with negative pressure ventilation.
The COPD Self-Efficacy Scale.
Response characteristics of a dual transcutaneous oxygen/carbon dioxide monitoring system.
Facilitation of mechanical ventilation in status asthmaticus with continuous intravenous thiopental.
Acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema treated with mechanical ventilation. Factors determining in-hospital mortality.
Tidal volume reduction in ARDS. Effect on cardiac output and arterial oxygenation.
Open lung biopsy does not correlate with pulmonary function after the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Pleuropulmonary complications of endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy.
Continuous lateral rotational therapy and nosocomial pneumonia.
Surgical drainage of lung abscess complicating acute community-acquired pneumonia.
Spontaneous pneumothorax in cystic adenomatoid malformation. Unusual clinical and histologic features.
Pneumonia preceding respiratory failure. A rare, easily misleading clinical manifestation in adult Arnold-Chiari malformation.
Hemoptysis complicating AICD patch placement controlled by temporary selective bronchial balloon occlusion.
Right-sided aortic arch presenting as refractory intraoperative and postoperative wheezing.
Self-administered hyperventilation cardiopulmonary resuscitation for 100 s of cardiac arrest during Holter monitoring.
Serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations in children hospitalized for acute lower respiratory tract infection.
Evaluation of serology and nasopharyngeal cultures for diagnosis of pertussis in a vaccine efficacy trial.
Diagnosis of pneumonia by cultures, bacterial and viral antigen detection tests, and serology with special reference to antibodies against pneumococcal antigens.
Acoustic rhinometry used as a method to monitor the effect of intramuscular injection of steroid in the treatment of nasal polyps.
CT of the paranasal sinuses and functional endoscopic surgery: a critical analysis of 100 symptomatic patients.
Neurogenic sarcoma of the sinonasal tract.
Scleroma of the upper respiratory passages: a CT study.
Mucosal wound and cicatricial stricture formation in the dog trachea: an experimental study.
Subglottic cyst in a newborn.
Parenchymal pulmonary endometriosis.
The clinical spectrum of hypocalcaemia associated with bone metastases.
Randomized trial of salbutamol in acute bronchiolitis.
Verapamil-induced blockade of voltage-activated K+ current in small-cell lung cancer cells.
Role of gastric colonization in the development of pneumonia in critically ill trauma patients: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Cough, exertional, and other miscellaneous headaches.
A nationwide survey of antibiotic prescribing patterns and clinical outcomes in patients with bacterial pneumonia.
Mediastinal granuloma secondary to histoplasmosis.
The effect of ethanol on the uptake, binding, and desialylation of transferrin by rat liver endothelium: implications in the pathogenesis of alcohol-associated hepatic siderosis.
Cryptococcal pleural effusion preceding cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS.
Culture vs direct antigen assays for detection of microbial pathogens from lower respiratory tract specimens suspected of containing the respiratory syncytial virus.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome with disseminated toxoplasmosis presenting as an acute pulmonary and gastrointestinal illness.
Neoplasms associated with pulmonary eosinophilic granuloma.
Invasive polymycotic pneumonia in an uncontrolled diabetic.
Smell and taste disorders, a study of 750 patients from the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center.
Mandibular fractures in the pediatric patient.
Factors influencing palatoplasty and pharyngeal flap surgery.
Diagnosis and management of systemic Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with anterior ocular inflammatory disease.
Incidence of venous thromboembolism verified by necropsy over 30 years.
Acute airway management in the critically ill child requiring transport
Long-term maintenance treatment of reflux esophagitis with omeprazole. Prospective study in patients with H2-blocker-resistant esophagitis.
Perfusion redistribution after alveolar flooding: vasoconstriction vs. vascular compression.
Metabolic and respiratory effects of flow-resistive loading in preterm infants.
Detection of mediastinitis after heart transplantation by gallium-67 scintigraphy.
Invasive aspergillosis in patients with HIV infection: report of two patients and a review of the literature.
Phosphate diabetes associated with bone metastases of oat cell lung cancer.
Acute airway obstruction in relapsing polychondritis: treatment with pulse methylprednisolone.
Successful radioimmunotherapy for lung metastasis of human colonic cancer in nude mice.
Oropharyngeal decontamination decreases incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial.
Efficacy of pulmonary metastasectomy for recurrent soft tissue sarcoma.
Influence of surgical resection before and after chemotherapy on survival in small cell lung cancer.
Variable regression of experimental bronchial preneoplasia during carcinogenesis.
Single lung transplantation. Alternative indications and technique.
Prophylactic minitracheotomy in lung resections. A randomized controlled study.
Surgical management of lung metastases. Usefulness of resection with the neodymium:yttrium-aluminum-garnet laser with median sternotomy.
Survival of patients with metastases from uveal melanoma.
Developments in the pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of nosocomial pneumonia.
Renal failure due to bronchogenic adenocarcinoma metastatic to kidneys.
Usefulness of noninvasive diagnostic tools for diagnosis of acute pulmonary embolism in patients with a normal chest radiograph.
Rapid diagnosis of Legionella infection by a nonisotopic in situ hybridization method.
Prostatic involvement in Wegener's granulomatosis.
The role of leukocytes in the pathogenesis of fibrin deposition in bovine acute lung injury.
Lineage-restricted clonality in biphasic solid tumors.
The roles of the myofibroblast in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical features of sites of active extracellular matrix synthesis.
An unusual cause of obstructive emphysema.
A randomized comparison of atropine and metaproterenol inhalational therapies for refractory status asthmaticus [published erratum appears in Ann Emerg Med 1991 Sep;20(9):1031]
Urinary leukotriene E4 concentrations increase after aspirin challenge in aspirin-sensitive asthmatic subjects.
Pulmonary mechanics in lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
Effect of canister temperature on performance of metered-dose inhalers.
A controlled trial of colchicine to reduce the elastase load in the lungs of ex-cigarette smokers with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Effect of dexamethasone on pulmonary inflammation and pulmonary function of ventilator-dependent infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Diagnosis of nosocomial pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients. Comparison of a plugged telescoping catheter with the protected specimen brush.
Follow-up bronchoalveolar lavage in AIDS patients with Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. Pneumocystis carinii burden predicts early relapse.
Increased recovery of surfactant protein A in AIDS-related pneumonia.
Tumor necrosis factor. Alpha and beta subtypes appear in circulation during onset of sepsis-induced lung injury.
Differential activation of mixed venous and arterial neutrophils in patients with sepsis syndrome and acute lung injury.
Glucose, K+, and albumin concentrations in the alveolar milieu of normal humans and pulmonary sarcoidosis patients.
Amiodarone-induced pulmonary inflammation. Correlation with drug dose and lung levels of drug, metabolite, and phospholipid.
Histopathologic pulmonary changes from mechanical ventilation at high peak airway pressures.
Diagnosis of ventilator-associated pneumonia by bacteriologic analysis of bronchoscopic and nonbronchoscopic "blind" bronchoalveolar lavage fluid.
Pulmonary veno-occlusive disease. Fatal progression of pulmonary hypertension despite steroid-induced remission of interstitial pneumonitis.
Morphology of the airway wall in asthma and in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
The roles of inflammatory cells in the pathogenesis of asthma and of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Pharmacology of airway smooth muscle in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in asthma [published erratum appears in Am Rev Respir Dis 1991 Sep;144(3 Pt 1):733]
Inspiratory muscle dysfunction and chronic hypercapnia in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Symptomatic benefit of supplemental oxygen in hypoxemic patients with chronic lung disease.
Relationship of airway hyperresponsiveness to respiratory symptoms and diurnal peak flow variation in patients with obstructive lung disease. The Dutch CNSLD Study Group.
Total respiratory resistance and reactance in patients with asthma, chronic bronchitis, and emphysema.
Nasal continuous positive airway pressure facilitates respiratory muscle function during sleep in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Sniff esophageal and nasopharyngeal pressures and maximal relaxation rates in patients with respiratory dysfunction.
The effect of theophylline on hypoxic, hypercapnic hamster diaphragm muscle in vitro.
Blood eosinophilia and FEV1. Cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses.
Aerosol pentamidine for secondary prophylaxis of AIDS-related Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. A randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Endoscopic laser therapy for obstructing tracheobronchial lesions.
Microtrapdoor flap repair of laryngeal and tracheal stenosis.
8-Aminoquinolines from Walter Reed Army Institute for Research for treatment and prophylaxis of Pneumocystis pneumonia in rat models.
Peak expiratory flow rate and the acute chest syndrome in homozygous sickle cell disease.
Tuberculosis in a contact.
Apnoea, bradycardia, and oxygen saturation in preterm infants.
Neonatal diaphragmatic paralysis caused by chest drains.
Comparison of postoperative complications between saphenous vein and IMA grafts to left anterior descending coronary artery.
Delayed sternal closure for life-threatening complications in cardiac operations: an update.
Pulmonary sequelae of prolonged total venoarterial bypass: evaluation with a new experimental model.
Dissectors for pulmonary thromboendarterectomy.
Reinforced sternal closure.
A population-based perspective of the hospital incidence and case-fatality rates of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. The Worcester DVT Study.
Influence of age on atelectasis formation and gas exchange impairment during general anaesthesia.
Effect of i.v. midazolam on the ventilatory response to sustained hypoxia in man.
Ultrasound in the diagnosis of the juxta-pleural lesion.
Perioperative morbidity and mortality of gynecologic brachytherapy.
Cerebral metastases as first symptom of bronchogenic carcinoma. A prospective study of 37 cases.
Cytofluorometric analysis of metastases from lung adenocarcinoma with special reference to the difference between hematogenous and lymphatic metastases.
Long-term reproducibility of Borg scale estimates of breathlessness during exercise.
Extent of pulmonary emphysema in man and its relation to the loss of elastic recoil.
Experimental models of pathologic oxygen supply dependency.
Use of continuous noninvasive measurement of oxygen consumption in patients with adult respiratory distress syndrome following shock of various etiologies.
Oxygen transport in adult respiratory distress syndrome and other acute circulatory problems: relationship of oxygen delivery and oxygen consumption.
Oxygen transport measurements to evaluate tissue perfusion and titrate therapy: dobutamine and dopamine effects.
Efficacy of daily routine chest radiographs in intubated, mechanically ventilated patients
MRI of the paranasal sinuses: incidental abnormalities and their relationship to symptoms.
Information leaflets in the rhinitis clinic?
Experience of pulse oximetry in children with croup.
Paradoxical vocal cord motion: an unusual cause of stridor.
Cause of death in unsuccessful prehospital resuscitation.
Blood analyses and survival in symptom- and survey-detected lung cancer patients.
Adrenocortical insufficiency: a rare presentation of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Impairment of endothelium-dependent pulmonary-artery relaxation in chronic obstructive lung disease.
Legionella myositis.
The cervical spine in maxillofacial trauma. Assessment and airway management.
Management of panfacial fractures.
AIDS-related risk factors, medical diagnosis, do-not-resuscitate orders and aggressiveness of nursing care.
Pulmonary blastoma: a rare childhood malignancy.
Cystic fibrosis: scoring system with thin-section CT.
Oropharyngeal flora and chest infection after upper abdominal surgery.
Palliation of malignant tracheal strictures using silicone T tubes.
Does the substitution of cisplatin in a standard four drug regimen improve survival in small cell carcinoma of the lung? A comparison of two chemotherapy regimens.
Lung function in primary Sjogren's syndrome: a cross sectional and longitudinal study.
Effect of GR32191, a potent thromboxane receptor antagonist, on exercise induced bronchoconstriction in asthma.
Paraquat induced pulmonary fibrosis in three survivors.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia complicating low dose methotrexate treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
Hilar and mediastinal lymphadenopathy in the limited form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
Haemopericardium and cardiac tamponade complicating pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
Phenothiazine-associated apnea in two siblings.
Social stressors, social supports, and self-esteem as predictors of morbidity in adults with chronic lung disease.
Acute bronchitis in children: building a clinical definition.
Imaging the pleura: sonography, CT, and MR imaging.
Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonitis in autoimmune thyroid disease.
A cross-sectional study of pulmonary function in autobody repair workers.
The United Mine Workers of American and the recognition of occupational respiratory diseases, 1902-1968.
Persistent polyclonal B lymphocytosis with Epstein-Barr virus antibodies and subsequent malignant pulmonary blastoma.
Lack of C-erbB-2 protein expression in pulmonary carcinoid tumours.
Nasalis myocutaneous sliding flap: repair of nasal supratip defects.
An alternative for nasal tip reconstruction: the bilateral rotation flap.
Endolaryngeal jet ventilation: a 10-year review.
The association of laryngoceles with squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx.
Hemodynamic and oxygen transport changes following endotracheal suctioning in trauma patients.
Self-care actions taken by older adults for influenza and colds.
Lung function abnormalities at 6 months of age after neonatal intensive care.
Fibreoptic bronchoscopy without general anaesthetic.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis: a burn-centre challenge.
Percutaneous balloon pericardial window for patients with malignant pericardial effusion and tamponade.
Cough intensity in the laryngectomee.
Subglottic laryngeal closure for aspiration.
Benign lesions of the vocal folds: uniformity in assessment of clinical diagnosis.
Enhanced urinary excretion of leukotriene E4 by patients with multiple trauma with or without adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Tracheal resection and reconstruction: indications, surgical procedure, and postoperative care.
Washed human platelets prevent ischemia-reperfusion edema in isolated rabbit lungs.
Dextran sulfate inhibits PMN-dependent hydrostatic pulmonary edema induced by tumor necrosis factor.
Control of local blood flow in pulmonary inflammation: role for neutrophils, PAF, and thromboxane.
Effect of slowly increasing elastic load on breathing in conscious humans.
Spectral vs. compartmental averaging of VA/Q distributions: confidence limits.
Changes of lung surfactant and pressure-volume curve in bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis.
Thoracic traction on the trachea: mechanisms and magnitude.
Attenuation of IL-2-induced multisystem organ edema by phalloidin and antamanide.
Posterior cricoarytenoid activity in normal adults during involuntary and voluntary hyperventilation.
Global T wave inversion.
Acute pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients awaiting heart transplantation.
The prognostic significance of pretreatment serum lactate dehydrogenase in patients with small-cell lung cancer.
The risks of metastases from shunting in children with primary central nervous system tumors.
A prospective comparison of thromboembolic stockings, external sequential pneumatic compression stockings and heparin sodium/dihydroergotamine mesylate for the prevention of thromboembolic complications in urological surgery.
Pneumoscrotum after spontaneous pneumothorax with air leak.
Autofluorescence of normal and malignant bronchial tissue.
Immunization of high-risk infants younger than 18 months of age with split-product influenza vaccine.
Review of intubation in severe laryngotracheobronchitis.
Role of flexible bronchoscopy and bronchoalveolar lavage in the diagnosis of pediatric acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related pulmonary disease.
Inoperable endobronchial obstructing lung carcinoma treated with combined endobronchial and external beam irradiation.
Helium-oxygen and conventional mechanical ventilation in the treatment of large airway obstruction and respiratory failure in an infant.
The reappearance of abdominal tuberculosis.
Influenza type A and B infections in hospitalized pediatric patients. Who should be immunized?
Effect of antitumor surgery on soluble interleukin-2 receptor serum levels.
Prophylaxis against venous thromboembolism in surgical patients.
The Brain laryngeal mask. A comparative study with the nasal mask in paediatric dental outpatient anaesthesia.
Airway protection by the laryngeal mask. A barrier to dye placed in the pharynx.
Chickenpox pneumonia, its complications and management. A report of three cases, including the use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
A coaxial technique for facilitating one-lung ventilation.
Feasibility of epidural morphine for postoperative analgesia in a small community hospital.
Tracheostomal stenosis after immediate tracheoesophageal puncture.
Schwannomas of the paranasal sinuses. Case report and clinicopathologic analysis.
Spinal anaesthesia for inguinal hernia repair in high-risk neonates.
Respiratory outcome in extremely premature infants following ketamine anaesthesia.
Tussive effect of a fentanyl bolus.
Expiratory computed tomography for assessment of suspected pulmonary emphysema.
Caffeine consumption decreases the response to bronchoprovocation challenge with dry gas hyperventilation.
Obstructive sleep apnea complicating negative-pressure ventilatory support in patients with chronic paralytic/restrictive ventilatory dysfunction.
Alveolitis correlates with clinical pulmonary involvement in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Postpericardiotomy and postmyocardial infarction syndrome presenting as noncardiac pulmonary edema.
The arrhythmogenicity of theophylline. A multivariate analysis of clinical determinants.
Minimal resection for bronchogenic carcinoma. An update.
Long-term survival and toxicity in small cell lung cancer. Expanded Southwest Oncology Group experience.
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor in lung cancer. An indirect marker of tumor activity?
Evaluation of the hemodynamic and respiratory effects of inverse ratio ventilation with a right ventricular ejection fraction catheter.
Neutrophil-endothelial cell interaction in critical illness.
The effect of growth hormone on weight gain and pulmonary function in patients with chronic obstructive lung disease.
The effect of prostaglandin E1 on acute pulmonary artery hypertension during oleic acid-induced respiratory dysfunction.
Pulmonary vein thrombosis following bilobectomy.
Telescoping plugged catheter. An unusual way of diagnosing Pasteurella multocida pneumonia.
Fatal airway obstruction caused by a mucous ball from a transtracheal oxygen catheter.
Long-term clinical follow-up of adult idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis and celiac disease.
Respiratory failure due to interstitial lung metastases of ovarian carcinoma reversed by chemotherapy.
Chylothorax after childbirth.
Intermediate alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency with apical lung bullae and spontaneous pneumothorax. Presence of a Z variant in an American black.
Complications of percutaneous dart therapy in management of pneumothorax.
An animal model for colon cancer metastatic cell line with enhanced metastasizing ability. Establishment and characterization.
The basis and basics of mechanical ventilation.
Lincomycin injections for upper respiratory tract infections: a comparison of findings in a rural clinic with analysis of a national data base.
A randomized clinical trial of negative pressure ventilation in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: design and methods.
Use of factor analysis to consolidate multiple outcome measures in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Cancer staging may have different meanings in academic and community hospitals.
Men, women and primary lung cancer--a Saskatchewan personal interview study.
DNA amplification on induced sputum samples for diagnosis of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Seasonality of disease in Kuwait.
Pulmonary embolism update. Lessons for the '90s.
Factors associated with massive fibrosis in silicosis.
Clinicopathological study of migratory lung infiltrates.
Effect of cetirizine on exercise induced asthma.
Bronchodilator treatment for partially reversible chronic obstructive airways disease.
Effect of positive expiratory pressure breathing in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding due to superior mesenteric artery to duodenum fistula: rare complication of metastatic lung carcinoma.
Prediction of neurodevelopmental outcome in infants with and without bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Case report: cisplatin-induced hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Metastatic basal cell carcinoma: report of a case presenting with respiratory failure.
Pulmonary edema presenting as positive vitreous pressure.
Activity of temafloxacin against respiratory pathogens.
Oxygen saturation and breathing patterns in infancy. 2: Preterm infants at discharge from special care.
Airway response to exercise and methacholine in children with respiratory symptoms.
Delay in diagnosis of childhood asthma and its influence on respiratory consultation rates.
Pulmonary function and ambient particulate matter: epidemiological evidence from NHANES I.
Respiratory response of humans exposed to low levels of ozone for 6.6 hours.
Exposure to asbestiform minerals and radiographic chest abnormalities in a talc mining region of upstate New York.
Acute health effects in a community after a release of hydrofluoric acid.
Prophylactic use of high-frequency percussive ventilation in patients with inhalation injury.
Pneumonectomy secondary to Mycobacterium fortuitum in infancy.
Bronchogenic carcinoma with chest wall invasion.
Primary cardiac leiomyosarcomas.
Pulmonary phaeohyphomycosis due to Xylohypha bantiana.
Timing of invasive procedures in therapy for primary and secondary spontaneous pneumothorax.
Small animal thrombosis models for the evaluation of thrombolytic agents.
Systemic contact dermatitis from pseudoephedrine.
Serum antibodies against respiratory tract viruses in episodes of acute otitis media.
Primary surgical treatment for carcinoma of the larynx: influence of the local invasion.
Prospective study of the complications of endoscopic laryngeal surgery.
Synchronous primary mucosal melanoma and mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the maxillary antrum.
Life-threatening cervico-mediastinal haematoma after carotid sinus massage.
Rare presentation of a parapharyngeal schwannoma.
Chronic cough in infants and children: an update.
Double-blind controlled study of botulinum toxin in adductor spasmodic dysphonia.
Closure of tracheocutaneous fistula with perichondrial flap following cricothyroidotomy.
Parapneumonic empyema in children: decortication hastens recovery in patients with severe pleural infections.
Treatment of meningitis and other infections due to ampicillin-resistant Haemophilus influenzae type b in children.
Significance of elevated levels of serum creatine phosphokinase in febrile diseases: a prospective study.
Typical and atypical bronchopulmonary carcinoids. A clinicopathologic and flow cytometric study.
Lung function in former intravenous drug abusers: the effect of ubiquitous cigarette smoking.
Intranasal amphotericin B reduces the frequency of invasive aspergillosis in neutropenic patients.
Dramatic response of follicular thyroid carcinoma with superior vena cava syndrome and tracheal obstruction to external-beam radiotherapy.
Anemia and postoperative apnea in former preterm infants.
Myocardial perfusion as assessed by thallium-201 scintigraphy during the discontinuation of mechanical ventilation in ventilator-dependent patients.
The 29th Rovenstine lecture: clinical challenges for the anesthesiologist.
Nosocomial pneumonia in Medicare patients. Hospital costs and reimbursement patterns under the prospective payment system.
Cytomegalovirus pneumonitis after cardiac transplantation.
Zirconium compound-induced pulmonary fibrosis.
Interference between gastroesophageal reflux and sleep in near miss SIDS.
Gastroesophageal reflux and upper airway diseases.
Cisplatin and novobiocin in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. A Southwest Oncology Group study.
Chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and cisplatin or 5-FU, cisplatin, and vinblastine for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. A randomized phase II study of the cancer and leukemia group B.
A phase II study of the combination of carboplatin and ifosfamide in previously untreated metastatic small cell lung carcinoma.
5-Fluorouracil, doxorubicin, and cisplatin as treatment for adrenal cortical carcinoma.
Prognostic significance of basement membrane deposition in operable squamous cell carcinomas of the lung.
Fulminant pulmonary aspergillus infection occluding the aortic arch after high-dose antileukemic chemotherapy.
Quality of life assessment. An independent prognostic variable for survival in lung cancer.
Colic medication and apparent life-threatening events.
Long-term prognosis after partial gastrectomy for benign conditions. Survival and smoking-related death of 2633 Amsterdam postgastrectomy patients followed up since surgery between 1931 and 1960.
Respiratory mucus hypersecretion (bronchorrhea): a case discussion--possible mechanisms(s) and treatment.
Skin test reactivity in patients suffering from lung and breast cancer.
Late asthmatic responses after exercise challenge are reproducible.
A simple sore throat? Retropharyngeal emphysema secondary to free-basing cocaine.
Traumatic rupture of the stomach after Heimlich maneuver.
Cough-variant asthma in children and adults: case reports and review.
The influence of diazepam or lorazepam on the frequency of endotracheal intubation in childhood status epilepticus.
Upper airway obstruction from AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
Enhanced reactive oxygen species metabolism of air space cells in hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Lower respiratory tract iron burden is increased in association with cigarette smoking.
Sulphasalazine-induced reversible hypersensitivity pneumonitis and fatal fibrosing alveolitis: report of two cases.
A randomized trial of five cisplatin-containing treatments in patients with metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer: a Southwest Oncology Group study.
Electrothrombosis of saccular aneurysms via endovascular approach. Part 2: Preliminary clinical experience.
Localization and visualization of pulmonary emboli with radiolabeled fibrin-specific monoclonal antibody.
Long-term survival of patients with AIDS, Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, and respiratory failure.
Imaging of metastatic colorectal cancer with tumour-activated killer lymphocytes.
Iatrogenic pneumomediastinum after endodontic therapy.
Chronic cough in children.
Cardiac anaesthesia in a patient with myotonic dystrophy.
Vocal cord paralysis in the Shy-Drager syndrome. A cause of postoperative respiratory obstruction.
Minitracheotomy Seldinger--assessment of a new technique.
The laryngeal mask airway in children. A fibreoptic assessment of positioning.
Formaldehyde: an analysis of its respiratory, cutaneous, and immunologic effects.
Comparison of clinical and experimental data from an animal model of pulmonary immunologic sensitivity.
Increased susceptibility to lung dysfunction in female smokers.
Interstitial lung disease associated with connective tissue diseases. The use of statistical structure analysis in model development.
Energy balance in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Oxygen consumption is independent of changes in oxygen delivery in severe adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Longitudinal analyses of respiratory chemosensitivity in normal subjects.
Pharyngeal function and snoring characteristics in apneic and nonapneic snorers.
Upper airway collapsibility in snorers and in patients with obstructive hypopnea and apnea.
Upper respiratory tract environmental tobacco smoke sensitivity.
Time course of ozone-induced neutrophilia in normal humans.
Neutrophil retention in the lungs of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Vitronectin in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid is increased in patients with interstitial lung disease.
Expression of 1,25(OH)2D3 receptors on alveolar lymphocytes from patients with pulmonary granulomatous diseases.
Mycobacterium avium complex pulmonary disease. Incidence, presentation, and response to therapy in a community setting.
Lymphocytic pneumonitis following bone marrow transplantation in severe combined immunodeficiency.
Pseudomembranous tracheobronchitis caused by Aspergillus.
Control of airway caliber by autonomic nerves in asthma and in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Sensory neuropeptide involvement in animal models of airway irritation and of allergen-evoked asthma.
Characteristics of bronchial hyperresponsiveness in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in asthma.
Interaction between parenchyma and airways in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in asthma.
Is it useful to distinguish between asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in respiratory epidemiology.
Hyperresponsiveness as a determinant of the outcome in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Risk factors in relation to postoperative complications and mortality after total gastrectomy in aged patients.
Bronchoalveolar lavage cell data in 19 patients with drug-associated pneumonitis (except amiodarone) [published erratum appears in Chest 1991 Jun;99(6):1556]
High definition computed tomography in rheumatoid arthritis associated pulmonary disease.
Acute allergic interstitial pneumonitis induced by hydrochlorothiazide [published erratum appears in Can Med Assoc J 1991 Sep 1;145(5):391]
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with solid tumors without acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Right atrial extension of an embryonal carcinoma of the testis.
A protocol for the safe administration of debrisoquine in biochemical epidemiologic research protocols for hospitalized patients.
A phase II trial of carboplatin in untreated patients with extensive stage small cell lung cancer.
Ifosfamide extrapyramidal neurotoxicity.
Neurotoxicity of intraventricularly administered alpha-interferon for leptomeningeal disease.
Alveolar macrophage activation in experimental legionellosis.
Management of oil of citronella poisoning.
Acute respiratory fatality associated with exposure to sheet metal and cadmium fumes.
Beware of malignant lymphoma masquerading as facial inflammatory processes.
Association of supraglottic and gingival idiopathic plasmacytosis.
Levels of morphine and metabolites in CSF during respiratory depression after intraventricular morphine injection.
CT evaluation for pulmonary metastases in patients with extrathoracic malignancy.
New device for percutaneous fragmentation of pulmonary emboli.
Lung abscesses: US examination and US-guided transthoracic aspiration.
Lobar emphysema: long-term imaging follow-up.
Effect of positive end-expiratory pressure on intra-abdominal pressure.
Edematous pancreatitis associated with intravenous pentamidine.
Pneumonitis associated with coinfection by human herpesvirus 6 and Legionella in an immunocompetent adult.
The intratracheal administration of endotoxin and cytokines. I. Characterization of LPS-induced IL-1 and TNF mRNA expression and the LPS-, IL-1-, and TNF-induced inflammatory infiltrate.
Tobacco industry scientific advisors: serving society or selling cigarettes?
Changes in periurethral microflora after antimicrobial drugs.
Occurrence, clinical manifestations, and prognosis of Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Priming by platelet-activating factor of endotoxin-induced lung injury and cardiovascular shock.
Management of hyponatremic seizures in children with hypertonic saline: a safe and effective strategy.
Nosocomial pneumonia in the critically ill: product of aspiration or translocation?
Oxygen delivery-dependent oxygen consumption in acute respiratory failure.
Lipolytic response to metabolic stress in critically ill patients.
Electromechanical dissociation in newborns treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation: an extreme form of cardiac stun syndrome.
Right ventricular function assessed by thermodilution technique during apnea and mechanical ventilation.
Intensive care unit patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia: suggested predictors of hospital outcome.
Risk factors for the misdiagnosis of pneumothorax in the intensive care unit.
Pulmonary dysfunction in surgical conditions of the newborn infant.
Sucralfate versus antacids or H2-antagonists for stress ulcer prophylaxis: a meta-analysis on efficacy and pneumonia rate.
Intravenous bolus of prednisolone decreases 15-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid formation in the rat model of acid aspiration.
Initial recruitment of neutrophils to alveolar structures in acute lung injury.
Stress failure in pulmonary capillaries.
Chest radiograph changes after cardiopulmonary bypass in children.
A case of cardiac hydatid cyst localized on the interventricular septum and causing pulmonary emboli.
Biologic and protective properties of the 69-kDa outer membrane protein of Bordetella pertussis: a novel formulation for an acellular pertussis vaccine.
Acute and chronic symptoms of mononucleosis.
Efficient diagnosis of common complaints: a comparative study in the United States and England.
Primary angiosarcoma of the seminal vesicle.
Adoptive immunotherapy using lymphokine-activated killer cells and recombinant interleukin-2 in preventing and treating spontaneous pulmonary metastases of syngeneic Dunning rat prostate tumor.
Association of Chlamydia pneumoniae (strain TWAR) infection with wheezing, asthmatic bronchitis, and adult-onset asthma
Improved neonatal survival following multiple doses of bovine surfactant in very premature neonates at risk for respiratory distress syndrome.
Reduction of neonatal mortality after multiple doses of bovine surfactant in low birth weight neonates with respiratory distress syndrome.
Atrial fibrillation as a risk factor for deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary emboli in stroke patients.
Kartagener's syndrome.
Predictors of neurodevelopmental outcome following bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Otolaryngologic manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux.
Inhibition of bacterial adherence by nasopharyngeal secretions.
Chylothorax after oesophagectomy.
Cardiopulmonary exercise responses after single lung transplantation for severe obstructive lung disease.
Pulmonary function in individuals with a history of poliomyelitis.
Chronic tuberculous empyema with bronchopleural fistula resulting in treatment failure and progressive drug resistance.
Acute asthma. Admission chest radiography in hospitalized adult patients.
Maximal sniff mouth pressure compared with maximal inspiratory pressure in acute respiratory failure.
The growing teratoma syndrome.
Management of malignant air leak in a child with a neonatal high-frequency oscillatory ventilator.
Intrathoracic osteosarcoma diagnosed by CT scan and pleural biopsy.
Laceration of the left pulmonary artery during removal of a bronchogenic cyst by right thoracotomy.
Overwhelming necrotizing tracheobronchitis due to inadequate humidification during high-frequency jet ventilation.
Round atelectasis in a 20-year-old woman.
Adamantinoma of the tibia with pulmonary metastases and hypercalcemia.
Heimlich valve treatment of Pneumocystis carinii-associated pneumothorax.
Life-threatening status asthmaticus at 12.5 weeks' gestation. Report of a normal pregnancy outcome.
Respiratory illness in nonsmokers chronically exposed to tobacco smoke in the work place.
Nosocomial pneumonia and the role of gastric pH. A meta-analysis.
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum. A report of 25 cases.
Crackles in interstitial lung disease. Comparison of sarcoidosis and fibrosing alveolitis.
Effect of kidney dysfunction on lung volume in patients with diabetes.
Unique aspects of respiratory disease in the aged.
Randomized trial of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and vincristine versus cisplatin and etoposide versus alternation of these regimens in small-cell lung cancer.
Variation of initial serum bilirubin rise in newborn infants with type of illness.
Staphylococcus aureus nasal carriage in patients with rhinosinusitis.
Primary ciliary dyskinesia and the middle ear.
Antibody response to outer membrane of noncapsulated Haemophilus influenzae isolated from the nasopharynx of children with pneumonia.
Purulent nasal discharge.
Vasculitis. A practical approach to management.
Emergency pulmonary resection for pneumonia. High morbidity and mortality.
Antibiotic prophylaxis in non-cardiac thoracic surgery. A double-blind study of penicillin vs. cefuroxime.
Granulated sugar treatment of severe mediastinitis after open-heart surgery.
Adrenal atrophy at autopsy in two asthmatic children.
Compensatory growth in fibrotic lung injury.
Value of computed tomography of the lung in the management of primary spontaneous pneumothorax.
Systemic toxicity of ropivacaine during ovine pregnancy.
Association of postoperative apnea, airway obstruction, and hypoxemia in former premature infants.
A longitudinal study of respiratory symptoms in aluminum potroom workers.
The effects of positive end-expiratory pressure on respiratory resistance in patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome and in normal anesthetized subjects.
The effect of obliterative bronchiolitis on breathing pattern during exercise in recipients of heart-lung transplants.
Pathogenetic significance of reactive oxygen species in diffuse fibrosing alveolitis.
The destructive index and early lung destruction in smokers.
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Abnormalities in the bronchoalveolar lavage content of surfactant protein A.
The role of platelet-activating factor in the pulmonary response to inhaled bacterial endotoxin.
Smoking and symptom effects on the curves of lung function growth and decline.
Morphologic changes in lungs of anesthetized sheep following intravenous infusion of recombinant tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Abnormalities of pathways of fibrin turnover in the human pleural space.
Characteristics of aerobic gram-negative bacteria colonizing critically ill patients.
Acute exacerbation of bronchial asthma in children associated with afternoon weather changes.
Measurement of breathlessness during exercise in asthmatics. Predictor variables, reliability, and responsiveness.
Morbidity and mortality of patients with AIDS and first-episode Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia unaffected by concomitant pulmonary cytomegalovirus infection.
Elevated bronchoalveolar lavage fluid histamine levels in allergic asthmatics are associated with increased airway obstruction.
Endoscopic surgery of the vidian nerve. Preliminary report.
Mineral spirits inhalation associated with hemolysis, pulmonary edema, and ventricular fibrillation.
Effect of massive dose vitamin A on morbidity and mortality in Indian children
Proportionate mortality trends: 1950 through 1986
Comparison of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group and American Joint Committee on Cancer staging systems among patients with non-small cell lung cancer receiving hyperfractionated radiation therapy. A report of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group protocol 83-11.
Pulmonary oedema after airway obstruction due to bilateral vocal cord paralysis.
Mechanical obstruction to ventilation from an ovarian cyst during pregnancy.
Anaesthetic management of acute blunt thoracic trauma.
Propranolol pretreatment reduces cardiorespiratory toxicity due to plain, but not epinephrine-containing, intravenous bupivacaine in rats.
10 year review of invasive aspergillosis detected at necropsy.
Toxin production by Bacillus pumilus.
Patterns of mortality in sickle cell disease in the United Kingdom.
Risk factors for benign oesophageal disease in a random population sample.
Changing pattern of pulmonary metastases with adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with osteosarcoma: results from the multiinstitutional osteosarcoma study.
A randomized trial in inoperable non-small-cell lung cancer: vindesine and cisplatin versus mitomycin, vindesine, and cisplatin versus etoposide and cisplatin alternating with vindesine and mitomycin.
Cyclic-alternating versus response-oriented chemotherapy in small-cell lung cancer: a German multicenter randomized trial of 321 patients.
Technetium-99m-MIBI and thallium-201 uptake in pulmonary actinomycosis.
Evaluation of housestaff physicians' preparation and interpretation of sputum Gram stains for community-acquired pneumonia
Acute illness in maple syrup urine disease: dynamics of protein metabolism and implications for management.
Establishment of cell-to-cell contact by adoptively transferred adherent lymphokine-activated killer cells with metastatic murine melanoma cells.
Effect of glutathione aerosol on oxidant-antioxidant imbalance in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Venous thromboembolism after brain tumor surgery: a retrospective review.
Vascularized omentum graft for the reconstruction of the skull base after removal of a nasoethmoidal tumor with intracranial extension: case report.
Epidemiology of invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b infections in Geneva, Switzerland, 1976 to 1989.
Pulmonary Kaposi sarcoma in patients with AIDS: scintigraphic diagnosis with sequential thallium and gallium scanning.
Low-dose high-resolution CT of lung parenchyma.
Focal pulmonary lesions in patients with AIDS: percutaneous transthoracic needle biopsy.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia: effect of corticosteroid treatment on radiographic appearance in a patient with AIDS.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose aztreonam in the treatment of moderate to severe infections due to gram-negative bacilli.
Invasive aspergillosis in AIDS.
Spectrum of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in immunocompetent patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Talc granulomatosis presenting as spontaneous pneumothorax.
Hut lung: a domestically acquired pneumoconiosis of mixed aetiology in rural women [published erratum appears in Thorax 1991 Jul;46(7):544]
Deaths in adults with notified pulmonary tuberculosis 1983-5.
Effects of allergy and age on responses to salbutamol and ipratropium bromide in moderate asthma and chronic bronchitis.
Nocturnal airflow obstruction, histamine, and the autonomic central nervous system in children with allergic asthma.
Effects of inhaled budesonide on spirometric values, reversibility, airway responsiveness, and cough threshold in smokers with chronic obstructive lung disease.
Labelling of rhinitis and hayfever by doctors.
Murine models of cytomegalovirus-associated pneumonitis.
Effect of clindamycin on pneumonia from reactivation of Toxoplasma gondii infection in mice.
SCH 39304 in the treatment of acute or established murine pulmonary blastomycosis.
Effects of air pollution on adult pulmonary function.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia after heart transplantation.
Multiple pulmonary microemboli complicating pneumonectomy.
Intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography for pulmonary embolectomy without cardiopulmonary bypass.
Mediastinal emphysema secondary to dental restoration.
Internal mammary artery to lung parenchyma fistula after aortocoronary bypass grafting.
Assessing the feasibility of bronchoplastic surgery with magnetic resonance imaging.
Clinical spectrum of bronchogenic cysts of the mediastinum and lung in the adult.
Urethral pressure and power generation during coughing and voluntary contraction of the pelvic floor in healthy females.
Urethral pressure and power generation during coughing and voluntary contraction of the pelvic floor in females with genuine stress incontinence.
Photodynamic therapy for multiple primary bronchogenic carcinoma.
A phase I study of chronic daily dosing of oral etoposide in combination with cisplatin for patients with advanced cancer.
Results and prognostic factors of surgery in the management of non-small cell lung cancer with solitary brain metastasis.
Flow cytometric DNA content analysis in neuroendocrine carcinoma of the lung. Correlation with survival and histologic subtype.
A model of prostatic carcinoma tumor kinetics based on prostate specific antigen levels after radiation therapy.
Bullous pyoderma gangrenosum after granulocyte colony-stimulating factor treatment.
Nasal hyper-responsiveness to histamine, methacholine and phentolamine in patients with perennial non-allergic rhinitis and in patients with infectious rhinitis.
Malignant tumours in patients with a history of multiple laryngeal papillomas: the significance of irradiation.
The cosmetic effects of submucous resection.
The objective assessment of nasal patency.
Respiratory problems in emergence from anesthesia.
The effect of hyperventilation in cluster headache patients.
Weaning from mechanical ventilation: current controversies.
Comparison of thermodilution and transthoracic electrical bioimpedance cardiac outputs.
Reexamination of the blood lymphocyte transformation test in the diagnosis of chronic beryllium disease.
House dust mite sensitization in children and residential characteristics in a temperate region.
Retrospective analysis of the incidence of pulmonary disease in hypogammaglobulinemia.
Clinical evaluation of nasopharyngeal carcinoma in Jordan.
Emergency laryngectomy.
Inhalation of foreign bodies by children: review of experience with 74 cases from Dubai.
The contribution of salvage surgery to the management of childhood osteosarcoma.
Comparison of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and vincristine with an alternating regimen of methotrexate, etoposide, and cisplatin/cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and vincristine in the treatment of extensive-disease small-cell lung carcinoma: a Mid-Atlantic Oncology Program study.
Intensive therapy for small-cell lung cancer using carboplatin alternating with cisplatin, ifosfamide, etoposide, mid-cycle vincristine, and radiotherapy.
A randomized trial of alternating chemotherapy versus best supportive care in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Prospective evaluation of unilateral adrenal masses in patients with operable non-small-cell lung cancer.
Ifosfamide, Fanconi's syndrome, and rickets.
Diagnostic relevance of trigeminal evoked potentials following infraorbital nerve stimulation.
Different metastasis patterns of a human melanoma cell line in nude mice and rats: influence of microenvironment.
Relationship between K-ras oncogene activation and smoking in adenocarcinoma of the human lung.
Pneumonia: incidence, risk factors, and outcome in injured patients.
Morbidity following acute irritant inhalation in a population-based study.
The environment and the lung. Changing perspectives.
The recognition and control of occupational disease.
Effects of splenectomy on pulmonary metastasis and growth of SC42 carcinoma transplanted into mouse liver.
Carinal resection for bronchogenic carcinoma.
Long-term results and patterns of disease recurrence after radical operations for lung cancer.
Acquired tracheal stenosis in infants and children.
Effects of alterations in pulmonary function and sleep variables on survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Thoracic manifestations after esophageal variceal sclerotherapy.
Interstitial pneumonitis associated with human herpesvirus-6 infection after marrow transplantation.
Effect of zidovudine and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia prophylaxis on progression of HIV-1 infection to AIDS. The Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study.
Crack cocaine use among persons with tuberculosis--Contra Costa County, California, 1987-1990.
Medical evaluation of internationally adopted children.
Broncholithiasis: CT features in 15 patients.
Synthetic vs human surfactants in the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome: radiographic findings.
Extensive pulmonary embolism presenting as severe adult respiratory distress syndrome after surgical resection of a cornual pregnancy.
Low-level air pollution and upper respiratory infections in children.
Aminophylline therapy for acute bronchospastic disease in the emergency room
Increased risk for anaphylactoid reaction from contrast media in patients on beta-adrenergic blockers or with asthma.
Comparative efficacies of ciprofloxacin, amoxicillin, amoxicillin-clavulanic acid, and cefaclor against experimental Streptococcus pneumoniae respiratory infections in mice.
Persistence of antibody after accelerated immunisation with diphtheria/tetanus/pertussis vaccine.
Drug-related pulmonary toxicity in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Comparative results with three different treatment regimens.
A randomized study of cisplatin versus cisplatin plus vindesine for non-small cell lung carcinoma.
High-dose carmustine and autologous bone marrow reinfusion in the treatment of refractory or relapsed small cell lung carcinoma.
Combination chemotherapy for advanced adenocarcinoma of the cervix.
Surgically induced cytokinetic responses in experimental rat mammary tumor models.
Wegener's granulomatosis with renal involvement: patient survival and correlations between initial renal function, renal histology, therapy and renal outcome.
Progression of a naproxen and amoxicillin induced acute interstitial nephritis with nephrotic syndrome: case report.
Cancer occurrence in a cohort of patients surgically treated for peptic ulcer.
Proopiomelanocortin gene expression in normal and tumoral human lung.
Prealbumin in the diagnosis of bronchopulmonary carcinoid tumours.
The physician's responsibilities: residua and sequelae.
Respiratory muscle deoxygenation during exercise in patients with heart failure demonstrated with near-infrared spectroscopy.
Acute respiratory viral infections in ambulatory children of urban northeast Brazil.
Culture-confirmed pneumonia due to Chlamydia pneumoniae.
Quantitative culture of bronchoalveolar lavage from patients with anaerobic lung abscesses.
Cerebral tissue pulmonary embolization due to head trauma: a case report with immunohistochemical confirmation.
Nocardia asteroides infection complicating rheumatoid arthritis.
Interstitial lung disease and cryoglobulinemia in polymyositis.
Analysis of prognostic factors in men with metastatic prostate cancer. Uro-Oncology Group of Northern Alberta.
High energy underwater shock wave treatment on implanted urinary bladder cancer in rabbits.
Psychologic and physiologic aspects of acute dyspnea in asthmatics.
Pentoxifylline inhibits interleukin-2-induced leukocyte-endothelial adherence and reduces systemic toxicity.
Anti-CD18 antibody attenuates neutropenia and alveolar capillary-membrane injury during gram-negative sepsis.
Pulmonary function in chronic renal failure: effects of dialysis and transplantation.
Arterial desaturation in HIV positive patients undergoing sputum induction.
Left bronchial isomerism associated with bronchomalacia, presenting with intractable wheeze.
Pneumocystis carinii: a deadly opportunist.
Frequency of deep venous thrombosis in asymptomatic patients with coronary artery bypass grafts.
Predicting risk of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children.
Radiographically occult endobronchial obstruction in bronchogenic carcinoma.
Detection of autoantibodies against myeloid lysosomal enzymes: a useful adjunct to classification of patients with biopsy-proven necrotizing arteritis.
A prospective evaluation of elevated serum theophylline concentrations to determine if high concentrations are predictable.
Flumazenil antagonism of midazolam-induced ventilatory depression.
Effectiveness of an acaricide in management of house dust mite allergy.
The skier's nose: a model of cold-induced rhinorrhea.
The function of lung and blood neutrophils in patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome. Implications for the pathogenesis of lung infections
Persistent generation of peptido leukotrienes in patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Tumor necrosis factor levels in serum and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Human alveolar macrophage antibacterial activity in the alcoholic lung.
Measurement of urinary desmosine by isotope dilution and high performance liquid chromatography. Correlation between elastase-induced air-space enlargement in the hamster and elevation of urinary desmosine.
Azathioprine combined with prednisone in the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: a prospective double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Distribution of silicotic collagenization in relation to smoking habits.
Prospective study of pulmonary function and lung cancer.
Severe community-acquired pneumonia. Epidemiology and prognostic factors.
Combined APACHE II score and serum lactate dehydrogenase as predictors of in-hospital mortality caused by first episode Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Reduction in the incidence of acute bronchitis by an oral Haemophilus influenzae vaccine in patients with chronic bronchitis in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.
Predictive value of oropharyngeal cultures for identifying lower airway bacteria in cystic fibrosis patients.
Transient airway cooling modulates dry-air-induced and hypertonic aerosol-induced bronchoconstriction.
Flow resistance in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in acute respiratory failure. Effects of flow and volume.
Sustained improvement in gas exchange after negative pressure ventilation for 8 hours per day on 2 successive days in chronic airflow limitation.
Constant-flow insufflation prevents arterial oxygen desaturation during endotracheal suctioning.
Evolution of nocturnal oxyhemoglobin desaturation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and a daytime PaO2 above 60 mm Hg.
Oral mucosal stimulation modulates intensity of breathlessness induced in normal subjects.
T lymphocyte activation in patients with active tuberculosis.
Clinical findings associated with pulmonary embolism in a rehabilitation setting.
The laryngeal mask airway in children
Low-dose co-trimoxazole for prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in human immunodeficiency virus disease
Non-cardiogenic pulmonary oedema after transfusion with granulocyte antibody containing blood: treatment with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
An investigation into the etiology of irritable hip.
Comparative clinical trial of standard operative tracheostomy with percutaneous tracheostomy.
Effect of intrathoracic pressure on plasma arginine vasopressin levels.
Cancer incidence following subtotal gastrectomy.
Multivariate assessment of traditional risk factors for chronic lung disease in very low birth weight neonates. The Newborn Lung Project.
Results of treatment and lessons learned from pathologically staged T4 non-small cell lung cancer.
Thyroid cancer and multiple primary malignancies in Israel.
Causes of death in patients with tuberous sclerosis.
Psychological stress and susceptibility to the common cold
Primary pulmonary hypertension.
Transforming growth factor beta 1 is present at sites of extracellular matrix gene expression in human pulmonary fibrosis.
Free magnesium levels in normal human brain and brain tumors: 31P chemical-shift imaging measurements at 1.5 T.
Epidemiology of acute respiratory infections in children of developing countries.
Etiology of acute respiratory infections in children in tropical southern India.
Histopathology of childhood pneumonia in developing countries.
Pathogenesis and sequelae of respiratory infections.
Pathogenesis of severe acute respiratory infections in the developing world: respiratory syncytial virus and parainfluenza viruses.
Pathogenesis of respiratory infections due to influenza virus: implications for developing countries.
The role of Haemophilus influenzae in the pathogenesis of pneumonia.
Pertussis in developing countries: definition of the problem and prospects for control.
Haemophilus influenzae disease and immunization in developing countries.
The burden of acute respiratory infection due to measles in developing countries and the potential impact of measles vaccine.
Viral vaccines for the prevention of childhood pneumonia in developing nations: priorities and prospects.
Control of acute lower respiratory illness in the developing world: an assessment of vaccine intervention.
Pathogenesis and prevention of childhood pneumonia in developing countries: recommendations.
Antibiotic choices in surgical intensive care unit patients.
Deep venous thrombosis in the surgical intensive care unit.
Non-Hodgkin's lymphomas of nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses. An immunohistochemical study.
A case of acquired factor X deficiency with in vivo and in vitro evidence of inhibitor activity directed against factor X.
Incidence and management of airway problems in the CHARGE Association.
Medical defense against blistering chemical warfare agents.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux and respiratory function in infants with respiratory symptoms.
Vaccine efficacy and control measures in pertussis.
Multicentre randomised controlled trial of high against low frequency positive pressure ventilation. Oxford Region Controlled Trial of Artificial Ventilation OCTAVE Study Group.
Factors associated with chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
Site of upper airway obstruction in preterm infants with problematical apnoea.
Reoperative pulmonary resection in patients with metastatic soft tissue sarcoma
Improved survival after resection of pulmonary metastases from malignant melanoma
Role of basic fibroblast growth factor in revascularization of rabbit tracheal autografts.
Role of echocardiography/Doppler in cardiogenic shock: silent mitral regurgitation.
Thoracoscopic diagnosis and treatment of chylothorax after pneumonectomy.
Videothoracoscopic ligation of bulla and pleurectomy for spontaneous pneumothorax.
Transthoracic needle aspiration. The benign diagnosis.
Adenoma of type 2 pneumocytes with oncocytic features.
Parainfluenza virus pneumonitis in an adult.
High-intensity focused ultrasound in the treatment of experimental liver cancer.
Cellular profiles in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of HIV-infected patients with pulmonary symptoms: relation to diagnosis and prognosis.
'Medial maxillectomy' for lateral nasal wall neoplasms.
Osteogenic sarcoma of the head and neck. The UCLA experience.
Prevention of thromboembolic disease following total knee arthroplasty. Epidural versus general anesthesia.
Artificial intelligence-assisted occupational lung disease diagnosis.
Measurement of maximal static respiratory pressures at the mouth with different air leaks.
Phrenic nerve injury. A prospective study.
Prognostic value of bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocyte count in recently diagnosed pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Respiratory symptoms in Indian women using domestic cooking fuels.
Chronic inflammation is associated with an increased proportion of goblet cells recovered by bronchial lavage.
Urinary fibrinopeptide A in evaluation of patients with suspected acute pulmonary embolism. A prospective pilot study.
Pleural penetration of ciprofloxacin in patients with empyema thoracis.
Mediastinal nodal involvement and the prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer.
Establishment and characterization of 20 human non-small cell lung cancer cell lines in a serum-free defined medium (ACL-4).
Incidence, etiology, and outcome of nosocomial pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients.
Noninvasive face mask mechanical ventilation in patients with acute hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Airway pressure release ventilation in severe acute respiratory failure
Inverse ratio ventilation in ARDS. Rationale and implementation.
Sternohyoid muscle biopsy. A diagnostic technique in respiratory failure of neuromuscular origin.
Bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia in common variable immunodeficiency syndrome.
Localized Aspergillus infestation in primary lung carcinoma. Clinical and pathological contrasts with post-tuberculous intracavitary aspergilloma.
Unusual diffuse pulmonary lymphatic proliferation in a young boy.
Granulomatous pulmonary zygomycosis in a patient without underlying illness. Computed tomographic appearances and treatment by pneumonectomy.
Pulmonary mass and air meniscus sign in a 19-year-old man.
Acute nonhemodynamic pulmonary edema with nifedipine in primary pulmonary hypertension.
Fibrotic stage of allergic bronchopulmonary candidiasis.
Legionella pneumonia presenting as a bulging fissure on chest roentgenogram.
Left-sided pleural effusion secondary to splenic vein thrombosis. A previously unrecognized relationship.
Familial multiple bilateral pneumothorax associated with Marfan syndrome.
Pulmonary function tests in bronchopleural fistula.
Direct injury to the bronchial vasculature in anesthetized sheep.
Pressure-diameter relationships of the upper airway in awake supine subjects.
Acute lung injury. Pathogenesis of intraalveolar fibrosis.
Early heparin therapy in patients with spontaneous intracerebral haemorrhage.
Wegener's granulomatosis complicated by pregnancy. A case report.
Diabetes insipidus secondary to Wegener's granulomatosis: report and review of the literature.
Inner ear deafness in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Long-term follow-up after prosthetic replacement of the superior vena cava combined with resection of mediastinal-pulmonary malignant tumors.
Routine computed tomographic scans, selective mediastinoscopy, and other factors in evaluation of lung cancer.
Incentive spirometry versus routine chest physiotherapy for prevention of pulmonary complications after abdominal surgery
Adverse reactions to co-trimoxazole in HIV infection.
A method for the treatment of abductor spasmodic dysphonia with botulinum toxin injections: a preliminary report.
Diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis: recommendations for vaccine use and other preventive measures. Recommendations of the Immunization Practices Advisory committee (ACIP).
Severe hypomagnesemia associated with pentamidine therapy.
Reversing disability of irreversible lung disease.
Nomenclature of vasculitic syndromes: a historical perspective.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated diseases: a pathologist's perspective.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated diseases: a rheumatologist's perspective.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated diseases: a pulmonologist's perspective.
The pathogenic role of antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies.
Pulmonary hemorrhage and necrotizing glomerulonephritis without glomerular immune deposits: report of two cases.
Polysialic acid of the neural cell adhesion molecule distinguishes small cell lung carcinoma from carcinoids.
Mouse bronchiolar cell carcinogenesis. Histologic characterization and expression of Clara cell antigen in lesions induced by N-nitrosobis-(2-chloroethyl) ureas.
Distribution patterns of type VII collagen in normal and malignant human tissues.
Emergence airway complications in children: a comparison of tracheal extubation in awake and deeply anesthetized patients.
Prevalence of upper and lower respiratory conditions in the US population by social and environmental factors: data from the second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1976 to 1980 (NHANES II).
Interleukin-2 induces early multisystem organ edema mediated by neutrophils.
Successful operation on a coronary arteriovenous fistula in a 74 year old woman.
Pulmonary microvascular permeability in patients with severe mitral stenosis.
Allergic contact dermatitis from non-diglycidyl-ether-of-bisphenol-A epoxy resins.
Risk factors for febrile seizures in the People's Republic of China: a case control study.
A contribution to the genetics of febrile seizures: waking and sleep EEG in siblings.
Antibodies to neutrophil cytoplasmic antigens: serologic marker for Sweet's syndrome.
Acute respiratory infections.
Role of early fluid resuscitation in pediatric septic shock.
Randomised, controlled trial of effectiveness of ampicillin in mild acute respiratory infections in Indonesian children.
Nosocomial transmission of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis among HIV-infected persons--Florida and New York, 1988-1991.
Reliability of pleural fluid lymphocyte counts in the antenatal diagnosis of congenital chylothorax.
Otitis media: the pathogenesis approach. Assessment and treatment of associated upper respiratory tract pathology.
The radiographic diagnosis of emphysema.
Bronchiectasis.
High resolution lung computed tomography. Normal anatomic and pathologic findings.
Computed tomography of air-space disease.
Computed tomography in chronic interstitial lung disease.
Scintigraphic studies of inflammation in diffuse lung disease.
Imaging of diffuse lung diseases. Past, present, and future.
A radiographic approach to diffuse lung disease.
Occupational lung disease.
Pulmonary edema and adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage.
Pulmonary angiitis and granulomatosis.
Diffuse lung disease in the current spectrum of immunocompromised hosts (non-AIDS).
Pulmonary manifestations of AIDs. CT and radiographic correlations.
Transcatheter occlusion of pulmonary arterial circulation and collateral supply: failures, incidents, and complications.
Simulated aggressive skull base erosion in response to benign sinonasal disease.
Hemangioma of the nasal vault: MR and CT features.
Pulmonary sequestration: diagnosis with color Doppler sonography and a new theory of associated hydrothorax.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: findings on chest radiographs in 18 patients.
Corticosteroid treatment as a risk factor for invasive aspergillosis in patients with lung disease.
Continuous extrapleural intercostal nerve block after pleurectomy.
Abnormal lung function associated with asbestos disease of the pleura, the lung, and both: a comparative analysis.
Measures of reversibility in response to bronchodilators in chronic airflow obstruction: relation to airway calibre.
Digital gangrene in small cell lung cancer: response to aspirin treatment.
Peripheral mucoepidermoid tumour of the lung.
Medullary carcinoma of the thyroid presenting as multifocal bronchial carcinoid tumour.
The protective effect of a beta 2 agonist against excessive airway narrowing in response to bronchoconstrictor stimuli in asthma and chronic obstructive lung disease.
Diffuse pulmonary alveolar hemorrhage after bone marrow transplantation: radiographic findings in 39 patients.
Effects of diltiazem on long-term outcome after acute myocardial infarction in patients with and without a history of systemic hypertension. The Multicenter Diltiazem Postinfarction Trial Research Group.
The anaesthetic management of congenital tracheal stenosis.
Acute airway obstruction, hypertension and kyphoscoliosis.
Predicting death in patients hospitalized for community-acquired pneumonia.
Stapes surgery: complications and airway infection.
Apron tracheostome.
Endoscopic and videofluoroscopic evaluations of swallowing and aspiration.
Salivary-type neoplasms of the sinonasal tract.
Pertussis in adults. What physicians need to know.
Septic metastatic lesions of pyogenic liver abscess. Their association with Klebsiella pneumoniae bacteremia in diabetic patients.
The value of roentgenographic and fiberbronchoscopic findings in predicting outcome of adults with lower lung field tuberculosis.
Treatment of Wegener's granulomatosis with sulfamethoxazole-trimethoprim.
Lung abscess with group A beta-hemolytic Streptococcus. Case report and review.
The extrapleural fat in empyema: CT appearance.
Autopsy-verified pulmonary embolism in a surgical department: analysis of the period from 1951 to 1988.
Neoadjuvant cisplatin plus vinblastine chemotherapy in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
A prospective randomized trial of adjuvant chemotherapy with bolus versus continuous infusion of doxorubicin in patients with high-grade extremity soft tissue sarcoma and an analysis of prognostic factors.
A phase I, II study of high-dose 5-fluorouracil and high-dose leucovorin with low-dose phosphonacetyl-L-aspartic acid in patients with advanced malignancies.
Contribution of monocytes to the decreased lymphoproliferative response to phytohemagglutinin in patients with lung cancer.
Crescentic glomerulonephritis in Wegener's granulomatosis: morphology, therapy, outcome.
Pulmonary cytology.
Effusion cytology.
Interpretation of maxillary sinus radiographs in children.
Nasal haemangiopericytoma.
Survival determinants in extensive-stage non-small-cell lung cancer: the Southwest Oncology Group experience.
Teniposide and etoposide in previously untreated small-cell lung cancer: a randomized study.
Intensive weekly chemotherapy for the treatment of extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer.
Small-cell carcinoma of the lung: derivation of a prognostic staging system.
Glutamine metabolism by the endotoxin-injured lung.
Circadian infusion of floxuridine in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Platelet aggregates in small lung vessels and death during liver transplantation.
Toxicity with dextromethorphan-containing preparations: a literature review and report of two additional cases.
Initial staging of non-small cell lung cancer: value of routine radioisotope bone scanning.
Lung function in adult idiopathic scoliosis: a 20 year follow up.
Chronic persistent cough and gastro-oesophageal reflux.
Partial atrial resection in advanced lung carcinoma with and without cardiopulmonary bypass.
Exercise but not methacholine differentiates asthma from chronic lung disease in children.
Increased platelet aggregate formation in patients with chronic airflow obstruction and hypoxaemia.
Squamous cell carcinoma occurring in the wall of a chronic aspergilloma.
Application of smooth Teflon clip to inferior vena cava during radical cystectomy to prevent postoperative pulmonary embolism.
Diagnosis and antibiotic treatment of community-acquired pneumonia.
Aztreonam-induced myelosuppression during treatment of Pseudomonas aeruginosa pneumonia.
Optimizing drug delivery from metered-dose inhalers.
Diarrhea, respiratory infections, and growth are not affected by a weekly low-dose vitamin A supplement: a masked, controlled field trial in children in southern India.
Intratumoral DNA content variability. A study of non-small cell lung cancer.
Immunohistochemical expression of galactomannan in the cytoplasm of phagocytic cells during invasive aspergillosis.
Failure of dithiothreitol and pronase to reveal a false-positive cryptococcal antigen determination in cerebrospinal fluid.
Oral water intoxication in infants. An American epidemic
Regional anaesthesia and cough effectiveness. A study in patients undergoing caesarean section
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte response to cytomegalovirus after human allogeneic bone marrow transplantation: pattern of recovery and correlation with cytomegalovirus infection and disease.
Use of intravenous immunoglobulin in acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Cough intensity in patients with a vocal cord palsy.
Ultrasonography as a method of examination of the frontal sinus.
Function and morphology of respiratory cilia in situs inversus.
The spontaneous course of nasal obstruction in patients with normal nasal airway resistance.
Inverted papilloma of the nose and paranasal sinuses: a study of 67 patients.
Perinatal mycoplasmal infections.
Inhibition of different dosages of oxatomide or placebo on skin prick test and nasal allergen provocation.
Intranasal fluocortin butyl in patients with perennial rhinitis: a 12-month efficacy and safety study including nasal biopsy.
Assessment of response to cancer therapy using fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose and positron emission tomography.
Effect of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis immunization on prolonged apnea or bradycardia in siblings of sudden infant death syndrome victims.
A prospective study of respiratory failure after high-risk surgery on the thoracoabdominal aorta.
Pathophysiology of upper airway closure during sleep.
The evolution of single lung transplantation for emphysema. The Washington University Lung Transplant Group.
Synchronous lung cancers defined by deoxyribonucleic acid flow cytometry.
Contractile properties of the human diaphragm during chronic hyperinflation
Dexamethasone therapy in neonatal chronic lung disease: an international placebo-controlled trial. Collaborative Dexamethasone Trial Group.
Rehospitalization for respiratory illness in infants of less than 32 weeks' gestation.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome from sulfuric acid fume inhalation.
Fume fever and reactive airways dysfunction syndrome in a welder.
Amniotic fluid embolism.
Candidal mediastinitis after surgical repair of esophageal perforation.
Chylothorax complicating right upper lobectomy.
Incidence of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients treated with sucralfate or cimetidine as prophylaxis for stress bleeding: bacterial colonization of the stomach.
Failure of infection control in intensive care units: can sucralfate improve the situation?
A multicenter study of Pneumocystis choroidopathy.
Treatment of acute hypoxemic respiratory failure caused by chlorine exposure [published erratum appears in Pediatr Emerg Care 1991 Jun;7(3):151]
Using anticoagulants safely. Guidelines for therapeutic and prophylactic regimens [published erratum appears in Postgrad Med 1991 Sep 1;90(3):48]
Evaluation of 99Tcm Technegas ventilation scintigraphy in the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism.
The impact of respiratory viral infections in patients with cystic fibrosis.
A new approach to the resection of pulmonary osteosarcoma metastases. Results of aggressive metastasectomy.
Risk factors influencing mortality after bipolar hemiarthroplasty in the treatment of fracture of the femoral neck.
Lactic acid kinetics in respiratory alkalosis.
Respiratory complications in critically ill medical patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
"Near miss" death in obstructive sleep apnea: a critical care syndrome.
Dysphagia in psychiatric patients: clinical and videofluoroscopic study.
Effect of atelectasis and surface tension on pulmonary vascular compliance.
Air interface and elastic recoil affect vascular resistance in three zones of rabbit lungs.
Effects of prolonged inhalation of N-formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine in rabbits.
Behavioral arousal in newborn infants and its association with termination of apnea.
Effect of exogenous cAMP and aminophylline on alveolar and lung liquid clearance in anesthetized sheep.
Analysis of behavior of the respiratory system in ARDS patients: effects of flow, volume, and time.
Respiratory neuronal activity during apnea and other breathing patterns induced by laryngeal stimulation.
Perialveolar interstitial resistance and compliance in isolated rat lung.
Differential responses of the endothelial and epithelial barriers of the lung in sheep to Escherichia coli endotoxin.
Prophylaxis of stress ulcer bleeding. A meta-analysis.
Smoking-attributable cancer mortality in 1991: is lung cancer now the leading cause of death among smokers in the United States?
Phase I study of weekly intravenous infusions of CPT-11, a new derivative of camptothecin, in the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Immunogenetic prediction of pulmonary fibrosis in systemic sclerosis.
Comparison of expandable endotracheal stents in the treatment of surgically induced piglet tracheomalacia.
The effect of apnea on brain compliance and intracranial pressure.
Neurogenic pulmonary edema: treatment with dobutamine.
Pachymeningitis associated with a pulmonary nodule.
Tumor invasion of the chest wall and mediastinum in lung cancer: evaluation with pneumothorax CT.
Intrathoracic complications following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation: CT findings.
Assessment of diffuse infiltrative lung disease: comparison of conventional CT and high-resolution CT.
Pancreaticobronchial fistula causing lung abscess: case report and brief discussion of the literature.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita. Caesarean section under epidural anaesthesia.
Unilateral pulmonary oedema of the contralateral lung following transaxillary sympathectomy.
The laryngeal mask airway. An unusual complication.
Papaveretum infusions in infants under 6 months of age.
A thromboxane analog increases pulmonary capillary pressure but not permeability in the perfused rabbit lung.
Air travel in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Orbital lesions with granulomatous inflammation.
Mast cell tryptase and histamine concentrations in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from patients with interstitial lung disease.
Diagnostic utility of ventilation/perfusion lung scans in acute pulmonary embolism is not diminished by pre-existing cardiac or pulmonary disease.
Respi-Care. An innovative home care program for the patient with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Psychological outcomes of a pulmonary rehabilitation program.
Maximum intensity exercise training in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Auscultated forced expiratory time as a clinical and epidemiologic test of airway obstruction.
Pulmonary embolectomy by catheter device in massive pulmonary embolism
High prevalence of positive antibodies to Legionella pneumophila among outpatients.
Atypical pulmonary diseases associated with AIDS.
Itraconazole in the treatment of coccidioidomycosis.
Antibody levels to whole culture filtrate antigens and to purified P32 during treatment of smear-positive tuberculosis.
Effects of air pollution resulting from wire reclamation incineration on pulmonary function in children.
Mycobacterium gordonae: a possible opportunistic respiratory tract pathogen in patients with advanced human immunodeficiency virus, type 1 infection.
Radionuclide evaluation of cardiac function during sleep in children with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Needle aspiration of extrathoracic metastases from bronchogenic carcinoma.
Use of Medicare claims data to evaluate outcomes in elderly patients undergoing lung resection for lung cancer
The value of portable chest roentgenography in adult respiratory distress syndrome. Comparison with computed tomography.
Serial measurement of pulmonary mechanics assists in weaning from extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in neonates with respiratory failure.
Nasal positive pressure ventilation in patients with acute respiratory failure. Difficult and time-consuming procedure for nurses.
Antibiotic prophylaxis of respiratory tract infection in mechanically ventilated patients. A prospective, blinded, randomized trial of the effect of a novel regimen.
Effects of high- and low-carbohydrate meals on maximum exercise performance in chronic airflow obstruction.
Norepinephrine and phenylephrine effects on right ventricular function in experimental canine pulmonary embolism.
Check-valve mechanism as a cause of bilateral spontaneous pneumothorax complicating bronchioloalveolar cell carcinoma.
Successful management of CMV pneumonia in a mechanically ventilated patient.
Pulmonary Kaposi's sarcoma presenting as fulminant respiratory failure.
J-shaped catheter for endobronchial aspiration of right upper lobe bronchus during rigid bronchoscopy in pediatric patients.
Bronchoalveolar lavage neutrophilia seen in Pneumocystis pneumonia presenting with pneumothorax.
Prostaglandin F2 alpha and indomethacin in hepatogenic pulmonary angiodysplasia. Effects on pulmonary hemodynamics and gas exchange.
Fatal pulmonary aspergillosis presenting as acute eosinophilic pneumonia in a previously healthy child.
Phrenic neuropathy in arsenic poisoning.
The thoracic vent. Clinical experience with a new device for treating simple pneumothorax.
Infections in British clinical laboratories, 1988-1989.
Levels of endothelin in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of patients with symptomatic asthma and reversible airflow obstruction.
Sequential appearance of IL-1 and IL-6 activities in rat carrageenin-induced pleurisy.
Rectus sheath hematoma in an anticoagulated patient.
Comparing clinical information with claims data: some similarities and differences
In vitro response of a human colon tumor xenograft and a lung adenocarcinoma cell line to alpha-difluoromethylornithine alone and in combination with 5-fluorouracil and doxorubicin.
Lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma of the lung.
Neutrophil apoptosis and clearance from neonatal lungs.
Tuberculosis outbreak among persons in a residential facility for HIV-infected persons--San Francisco.
The decline of mortality due to stroke: a competitive and deterministic perspective.
Community- and hospital-acquired respiratory syncytial virus infections in Chile.
The influence of preschool pertussis immunization on an epidemic of pertussis.
Pectus excavatum: a 15-year perspective.
Chronic diffuse infiltrative lung disease: comparison of diagnostic accuracy of high-resolution and conventional CT.
Paraquat poisoning: findings on chest radiography and CT in 42 patients.
Diagnosis and localization of laceration of the thoracic duct: usefulness of lymphangiography and CT.
Estrogen and progesterone receptors in lymphangioleiomyomatosis, epithelioid hemangioendothelioma, and sclerosing hemangioma of the lung.
Oral ofloxacin for the treatment of acute bacterial pneumonia: use of a nontraditional protocol to compare experimental therapy with "usual care" in a multicenter clinical trial.
Mycobacterium fortuitum presenting as an asymptomatic enlarging pulmonary nodule.
The influence of cigarette smoking on lung function in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Gas exchange during exercise in mild chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Correlation with lung structure.
Evaluation of a new weaning index based on ventilatory endurance and the efficiency of gas exchange.
Effects of positive end-expiratory pressure, lung volume, and inspiratory flow on interrupter resistance in patients with adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Effects of positive end-expiratory pressure on alveolar recruitment and gas exchange in patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Ulcerative tracheobronchitis after lung transplantation. A new form of invasive aspergillosis.
Human neutrophil elastase and elastase/alpha 1-antiprotease complex in cystic fibrosis. Comparison with interstitial lung disease and evaluation of the effect of intravenously administered antibiotic therapy.
Simultaneous exposure of sheep to endotoxin and 100% oxygen.
Clinical and inflammatory responses to exogenous tachykinins in allergic rhinitis.
Lung function in school-age children who had mild lower respiratory illnesses in early childhood.
Respiratory health and PM10 pollution. A daily time series analysis.
Exposure-related declines in the lung function of cotton textile workers. Relationship to current workplace standards.
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis in asbestos-exposed workers
Structural features of interstitial lung disease in systemic sclerosis.
Mica-associated pulmonary interstitial fibrosis.
Mucin in disease. Modification of mucin gene expression in airway disease.
Physician practices in the prevention of venous thromboembolism.
The causes and complications of late diagnosis of foreign body aspiration in children. Report of 210 cases.
The prognostic value of endotracheal tube-air leak following tracheal surgery in children.
Actinomycosis in obstructive tonsillar hypertrophy and recurrent tonsillitis.
Antral choanal polyp presenting as obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
A comparative trial of LC9018 plus doxorubicin and doxorubicin alone for the treatment of malignant pleural effusion secondary to lung cancer.
Soft tissue sarcoma of the pleural cavity.
Prolactin-producing pituitary carcinoma with pulmonary metastases.
Resting energy expenditure in patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Pulmonary embolism associated with the act of defecation.
Common reactions to transfusions.
A pertussis outbreak in a Wisconsin nursing home.
Asymptomatic blastomycosis of the central nervous system with progression in patients given ketoconazole therapy: a report of two cases.
Clinical symptoms in young adults with atypical chest pain attending the emergency department.
Experimental superficial siderosis of the central nervous system. I. Morphological observations.
The Washington University-Barnes Hospital experience with lung transplantation. Washington University Lung Transplantation Group
The role of albumin in human physiology and pathophysiology, Part III: Albumin and disease states.
Coughing and central venous catheter dislodgement.
Unexplained chest pain and breathlessness.
The intranasal ethmoidectomy: an experience with 1,077 procedures.
Long-term results after lateral cranial base surgery.
Vocal quality of decannulated children following laryngeal reconstruction.
The otolaryngologic manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD): a clinical investigation of 225 patients using ambulatory 24-hour pH monitoring and an experimental investigation of the role of acid and pepsin in the development of laryngeal injury.
Is a chest radiograph necessary in the evaluation of every febrile infant less than 8 weeks of age?
Case report: hepatic hydrothorax without ascites.
Postoperative pulmonary edema in young, athletic adults.
Comparison between Bricanyl Turbuhaler and Ventolin metered dose inhaler in the treatment of exercise-induced asthma in adults.
Safety and possible efficacy of fiberoptic bronchoscopy with lavage in the management of refractory asthma with mucous impaction.
Peak nasal inspiratory flow and Wright peak flow: a comparison of their reproducibility.
DNA ploidy patterns of tumors diagnosed as metachronous or recurrent lung cancers.
Schwannoma of the brachial plexus mimicking an apical lung tumor.
Cystic and bullous lung disease.
An immunohistochemical study of benign clear cell ('sugar') tumor of the lung.
Retroperitoneal bronchogenic cyst presenting as an adrenal mass.
Management of tracheal lesions in Hurler syndrome.
Alfentanil for urgent caesarean section in a patient with severe mitral stenosis and pulmonary hypertension.
A comparison of the effects of ipratropium bromide and metaproterenol sulfate in acute exacerbations of COPD.
Efficacy of positive vs negative pressure ventilation in unloading the respiratory muscles.
Diaphragmatic rest during negative pressure ventilation by pneumowrap. Assessment in normal and COPD patients.
Defective cytostatic activity of pulmonary alveolar macrophages in primary lung cancer.
The immunoglobulin G subclass composition of immune complexes in cystic fibrosis. Implications for the pathogenesis of the Pseudomonas lung lesion.
Continuous monitoring of cerebral oxygenation in acute brain injury: injection of mannitol during hyperventilation.
Cerebral blood flow and carbon dioxide reactivity in children with bacterial meningitis.
Hypothesis: is lung disease after silicate inhalation caused by oxidant generation?
Comparison of almitrine bismesylate and medroxyprogesterone acetate on oxygenation during wakefulness and sleep in patients with chronic obstructive lung disease.
Percutaneous placement of Hickman catheters: comparison of sonographically guided and blind techniques.
Tuberculous bronchial stenosis: CT findings in 28 cases.
Delayed diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Risk factors for nosocomial pneumonia in the elderly.
Emergency treatment with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator of pulmonary embolism in a pregnant woman with antithrombin III deficiency.
T-lymphocyte effects on murine cytomegalovirus pulmonary infection.
A cost-effectiveness analysis of the routine use of isoniazid prophylaxis in patients with a positive Mantoux skin test.
Hypercarbic periodic breathing during sleep in a child with a central nervous system tumor.
Role of postoperative radiation therapy in stage IIIa non-small cell lung cancer.
Esophagobronchial fistula and mediastinal tuberculosis.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection among homeless men in a New York City shelter. Association with Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Clinical spectrum of endobronchial tuberculosis in elderly patients.
The validity of acid-fast smears in the diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in the treatment of neonatal respiratory failure.
Plasma alpha-atrial natriuretic peptide concentrations in acute respiratory failure associated with sepsis: preliminary study.
Detection of inadvertent respiratory placement of small-bore feeding tubes: a report of 10 cases.
Administration of a synthetic antiprotease reduces smoke-induced lung injury.
Transcutaneous carbon dioxide pressure for monitoring patients with severe croup.
Evaluation of epiglottoplasty as treatment for severe laryngomalacia [published erratum appears in J Pediatr 1991 Jan;118(1):168]
A clinical application of exercise physiology and nutritional support for the mechanically ventilated patient.
Small cell lung carcinoma: clinicopathological, immunohistochemical, and ultrastructural study.
Reversal of acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive lung disease by inspiratory assistance with a face mask.
Laser epiglottectomy: endoscopic technique and indications.
The effects of phonosurgery on laryngeal vibration: Part I. Theoretic considerations.
Inverted papillomas and associated squamous cell carcinomas.
Rhinolift operation in the treatment of the aging nose.
Gentamicin pharmacokinetics in neonates undergoing extracorporal membrane oxygenation.
Tissue plasminogen activator as an alternative to vena cava interruption in recurrent pulmonary thromboembolism.
Bright pleural effusion and ascites on gradient-echo MR images: a potential source of confusion in vascular MR studies.
Low-grade primary B-cell lymphoma of the lung. An immunohistochemical, molecular, and cytogenetic study of a single case.
Frequent hypoxemia and apnea after sedation with midazolam and fentanyl.
The lavage fluid from a patient with alveolar proteinosis inhibits the in vitro chemiluminescence response and arachidonic acid metabolism of normal guinea pig alveolar macrophages.
The time course of bronchoconstriction in asthmatics during and after isocapnic hyperventilation.
Cytochrome c oxidase deficiency with acute onset and rapid recovery.
Comparison of cetirizine with astemizole in the treatment of perennial allergic rhinitis and study of the concomitant effect on histamine and allergen-induced wheal responses.
Analysis of the transition to percutaneous placement of Greenfield filters.
Prevention of adult respiratory distress syndrome with plasminogen activator in pigs.
Aminophylline in the outpatient management of decompensated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Cardiorespiratory effects of pressure controlled ventilation in severe respiratory failure.
Factors affecting perioperative pulmonary function in acute respiratory failure.
A randomized trial of a single bolus dosage regimen of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
Positional changes in gas exchange after unilateral pulmonary embolism.
A new manifestation and treatment alternative for heparin-induced thrombosis.
Some genetic aspects of rolandic epilepsy: waking and sleep EEGs in siblings.
Long-term enteral feeding of aged demented nursing home patients
High antigen reactivity in mononuclear cells from sites of chronic inflammation.
Second place--Resident Clinical Science Award 1990. A porcine model of chronic endobronchial obstruction.
Developing a dysphagia program in an acute care hospital: a needs assessment.
Clinical role of respiratory virus infection in acute otitis media.
Microphonic versus end-tidal carbon dioxide nasal airflow detection in neonates with apnea.
Effect of platelet-activating factor receptor antagonism on endotoxin-induced lung dysfunction in awake sheep.
Community-based short-course treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis in a developing nation. Initial report of an eight-month, largely intermittent regimen in a population with a high prevalence of drug resistance.
Epidural anaesthesia attenuates the catecholamine response to hypoventilation.
Mediastinal pseudomass caused by compression of the thymus in neonates with anterior pneumothorax.
High-attenuation mediastinal masses on unenhanced CT.
In vivo regulation of virulence in Pseudomonas aeruginosa associated with genetic rearrangement.
Bronchial blood flow and eicosanoid blockade following airway acid aspiration.
Drug-resistant tuberculosis after gastrectomy. Double jeopardy?
Bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage in tuberculosis and fungal infections.
Effect of LY171883 on endotoxin-induced lung injury in pigs.
Perennial allergic rhinitis: clinical efficacy of a new antihistamine.
Recent advances in H1-receptor antagonist treatment.
Antithrombotic effects of KP-10614, a novel and stable prostacyclin (PGI2) analog.
A practical guide to nitrate use.
Exacerbation of psoriasis after megavoltage irradiation. The Koebner phenomenon.
Role of Chlamydia pneumoniae in acute chest syndrome of sickle cell disease.
Treatment of tuberculosis in patients with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection.
First-line management of sinusitis: a national problem? Overview.
Therapeutic approach to sinusitis: antiinfectious therapy as the baseline of management.
Adjuncts to medical management of sinusitis.
Benjamin Felson lecture. Chronic interstitial lung disease of unknown cause: a new classification based on pathogenesis.
The changing epidemiology of tuberculosis and other mycobacterial infections in the United States: implications for the radiologist.
Pathogenesis of pulmonary edema during interleukin-2 therapy: correlation of chest radiographic and clinical findings in 54 patients.
The ventilatory response to endogenous CO2 in preterm infants.
Pathogenesis of pulmonary fibrosis in interstitial lung disease. Alveolar macrophage PDGF(B) gene activation and up-regulation by interferon gamma.
Response to treatment with an analog of the luteinizing-hormone-releasing hormone in a patient with pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
Interpretation of the alveolar-arterial oxygen difference in patients with hypercapnia.
Increased levels of serum interferon-gamma in pulmonary sarcoidosis and relationship with response to corticosteroid therapy.
Impact of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 on tuberculosis in rural Haiti.
Smoking-attributable mortality and years of potential life lost--United States, 1988.
Etiology of infection and morphologic changes in the lungs of Filipino children who die of pneumonia.
A study of nonbacterial agents of acute lower respiratory tract infection in Thai children.
Comparison between parental report and results of microbiologic agar assay for presence of antibiotic in urine of Argentinian children with acute lower respiratory tract infection.
Incidence of pulmonary aspiration in intubated patients receiving enteral nutrition through wide- and narrow-bore nasogastric feeding tubes.
Influence of noninvasive positive pressure ventilation on inspiratory muscles.
Diaphragmatic performance during recovery from acute ventilatory failure in Guillain-Barre syndrome and myasthenia gravis.
Indirect laryngoscopic approach for injection of botulinum toxin in spasmodic dysphonia.
Development of a new in vivo model for head and neck cancer.
Life-threatening angioedema.
Fungal diseases of the sinuses.
Acute epiglottitis in children and adults: a large-scale incidence study.
Nasal transit time in normal subjects and pathologic conditions.
Nasal schwannoma.
Continuous intravenous infusion of morphine for severe dyspnea.
Pregnancy complicated by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Effect of theophylline on sleep and sleep-disordered breathing in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Early changes in lung tissue hyaluronan (hyaluronic acid) and hyaluronidase in bleomycin-induced alveolitis in hamsters.
A circulating inhibitor of the platelet Na+,K+ adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) enzyme in allergy.
Fluoroscopically guided nasoenteric feeding tube placement: results of a 1-year study.
Limited small cell lung cancer: prognostic significance of a complete response to the induction phase of chemotherapy followed by thoracic irradiation.
Detection of bullous lung disease: conventional radiography vs digital storage phosphor radiography.
Variability of breathlessness measurement in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Serum adenosine deaminase in viral and bacterial pneumonia.
Combined nasal intermittent positive-pressure ventilation and rocking bed in chronic respiratory insufficiency. Nocturnal ventilatory support of a disabled person at home.
Intermittent abdominal pressure ventilator in a regimen of noninvasive ventilatory support
Intermittent volume cycled mechanical ventilation via nasal mask in patients with respiratory failure due to COPD.
Effects of hydralazine and increased cardiac output on recombinant tissue plasminogen activator-induced thrombolysis in canine pulmonary embolism
Tissue-plasminogen activator for pulmonary embolism resulting in shock: two case reports and discussion of the literature.
Pulmonary intravascular lipid in neonatal necropsy specimens.
Interhospital transfer of a patient undergoing extracorporeal carbon dioxide removal.
Transmission of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis from an HIV-positive client in a residential substance-abuse treatment facility--Michigan.
Diagnostic imaging of heterotopic ossification with coexistent deep-venous thrombosis in flaccid paraplegia.
Extramedullary nasal plasmacytoma.
Guidelines for prophylaxis against Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia for children infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
The response of the canine cerebral circulation to hyperventilation during anesthesia with desflurane.
Respiratory response to arm elevation in patients with chronic airflow obstruction.
Preferential usage of the T-cell antigen receptor beta-chain constant region C beta 1 element by lung T-lymphocytes of patients with pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Prevention of deep vein thrombosis after elective hip surgery. A randomized trial comparing low molecular weight heparin with standard unfractionated heparin
Antimicrobial resistance among respiratory isolates of Haemophilus influenzae, Moraxella catarrhalis, and Streptococcus pneumoniae in the United States.
Comparative in vitro activities of sparfloxacin (CI-978; AT-4140) and other antimicrobial agents against staphylococci, enterococci, and respiratory tract pathogens [published erratum appears in Antimicrob Agents Chemother 1991 Mar;35(3):603]
Pneumothorax complicating small-bore feeding tube placement.
One explanation of the asthma paradox: inhibition of natural anti-inflammatory mechanism by beta 2-agonists
Tuberculosis outbreak on Standing Rock Sioux Reservation--North Dakota and South Dakota, 1987-1990.
Effect of stable xenon on regional cerebral blood flow and the electroencephalogram in normal volunteers.
Cost-effectiveness of alpha-1 antitrypsin replacement therapy in treatment of congenital chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Role of arachidonic acid metabolites in oleic acid induced pulmonary injury in a canine model. Effect of ketoconazole (thromboxane synthetase inhibitor).
Effects of PEEP on pulmonary hemodynamics in intact dogs with oleic acid pulmonary edema.
Local application of somatostatin in the rat ventrolateral brain medulla induces apnea.
Effects of embolus size on hemodynamics and gas exchange in canine embolic pulmonary hypertension.
Comparison of intranasal cromolyn sodium, 4%, and oral terfenadine for allergic rhinitis: symptoms, nasal cytology, nasal ciliary clearance, and rhinomanometry.
Cardiac tamponade and hydrothorax as complications of central venous parenteral nutrition in infants.
Plasma prostanoids in neonatal extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. Influence of meconium aspiration.
Overzealous resuscitation of an extremely malnourished patient with nutritional cardiomyopathy.
Polymerase chain reaction identification of human papillomavirus DNA in CO2 laser plume from recurrent respiratory papillomatosis.
Radiographic evaluation and diagnosis of the failed frontal osteoplastic flap with fat obliteration.
The potassium--titanyl phosphate laser for treatment of turbinate dysfunction.
Controlled trial of 2, 4, and 6 months of pyrazinamide in 6-month, three-times-weekly regimens for smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis, including an assessment of a combined preparation of isoniazid, rifampin, and pyrazinamide. Results at 30 months. Hong Kong Chest Service/British Medical Research Council
Assessment of a daily combined preparation of isoniazid, rifampin, and pyrazinamide in a controlled trial of three 6-month regimens for smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis. Singapore Tuberculosis Service/British Medical Research Council
Eugenol causes oxidant-mediated edema in isolated perfused rabbit lungs.
Frequent identification of HIV-1 DNA in bronchoalveolar lavage cells obtained from individuals with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Amoxicillin-clavulanic acid for treating drug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Tuberculous pleural effusion. Twenty-year experience.
Recombinant human interferon-gamma as adjunct therapy for Aspergillus infection in a patient with chronic granulomatous disease.
Growth of tracheal anastomoses: advantage of absorbable interrupted sutures [published erratum appears in Ann Thorac Surg 1991 Jul;52(1):176]
Low-dose intermittent trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Tuberculous pleural effusions: increased culture yield with bedside inoculation of pleural fluid and poor diagnostic value of adenosine deaminase.
Cough-type asthma: a review.
Bilateral chylothorax.
A weekly cisplatin-based induction regimen for extensive non-small cell lung cancer. A Southwest Oncology Group study.
A phase II study of days 1 and 8 cisplatin and recombinant alpha-2B interferon in advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Primary prophylaxis for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in HIV-infected people with CD4 counts below 200/mm3: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Parenteral antibiotic therapy for patients in nursing homes.
Acid-base derangements during sorbent regenerative hemodialysis in mechanically ventilated patients.
Cytokine content in pleural effusion. Comparison between tuberculous and carcinomatous pleurisy.
A chemical score to evaluate the protein quality of commercial parenteral and enteral formulas: emphasis on formulas for patients with liver failure.
A double-blind comparison of low-dose intravenous ketamine and methohexital in adults.
Chronic respiratory alkalosis. The effect of sustained hyperventilation on renal regulation of acid-base equilibrium.
Total parenteral nutrition and tumor metastasis.
Direct vasodilator effect of hyperventilation-induced hypocarbia in autonomic failure patients.
Periorbital hematoma secondary to sinusitis in a child.
Nucleokinesis: distinct pattern of cell translocation in response to an autocrine motility factor-like substance or fibronectin [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Aug 15;88(16):7456]
Description of a closed window technique for in vivo study of the feline basilar artery.
Defective candidacidal activity of alveolar macrophages and peripheral blood monocytes from patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Acute lung injury induced by phospholipase A2. Structural and functional changes.
The use of albumin in clinical practice.
Difference in the phenotypes of bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocytes in patients with summer-type hypersensitivity pneumonitis, farmer's lung, ventilation pneumonitis, and bird fancier's lung: report of a nationwide epidemiologic study in Japan.
Changing patterns of epiglottitis in children.
Evaluation, treatment, and follow-up results of post polio patients with dysphagia.
Transantral sphenoethmoidectomy: a procedure for the 1990s?
Successful treatment of Bacillus cereus infection with ciprofloxacin.
Hemorrhagic disorder due to an isoniazid-associated acquired factor XIII inhibitor in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
Increased incidence of nosocomial pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients with subclinical aspiration.
The causes of hospital-treated acute lower respiratory tract infection in children.
Cost-effectiveness of prophylaxis in total hip replacement.
The use of fine-needle aspiration in the diagnosis of metastatic pulmonary adenoid cystic carcinoma.
Middle meatus anstrostomy: patency rates and risk factors.
A rare cause of nasal obstruction: a solitary neurofibroma.
The effects of adenotonsillectomy on growth in young children.
Aggressive juvenile fibromatosis involving the paranasal sinuses.
Differential adhesion of Pseudomonas aeruginosa to human respiratory epithelial cells in primary culture.
The effect of the calcium antagonist, isradipine, on working capacity, pulmonary function, morbidity and survival rate in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Invasive aspergillus rhinosinusitis in patients with acute leukemia.
Pulmonary dysfunction in advanced liver disease: frequent occurrence of an abnormal diffusing capacity.
The necessary length of hospital stay for chronic pulmonary disease.
The hazards of hypercaloric nutritional support in respiratory disease.
Effect of radiation therapy on thoracic and lumbar bone marrow: evaluation with MR imaging.
Effects of a fish oil diet on pigs' cardiopulmonary response to bacteremia.
Reduction by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor of fever and neutropenia induced by chemotherapy in patients with small-cell lung cancer.
Receptor protein-tyrosine phosphatase gamma is a candidate tumor suppressor gene at human chromosome region 3p21.
Thrombosis in systemic lupus erythematosus: a French collaborative study.
Components of excess ventilation in patients initiated on mechanical ventilation.
Delayed cyclo-oxygenase blockade reduces the neutrophil respiratory burst and plasma tumor necrosis factor levels in sepsis-induced acute lung injury.
Acute lung injury following reperfusion after ischemia in the hind limbs of rats.
Altretamine.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 suppresses endogenous fibrinolysis in a canine model of pulmonary embolism.
Pharmacologic elevation of blood inorganic phosphate in hypoxemic patients with COPD.
Necrotizing bronchial aspergillosis in a patient receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy for non-small cell lung carcinoma.
An in vitro technique to assess oxygenator potential for respiratory failure therapies.
Haemodynamic changes during the apnoea test for diagnosis of brain death.
Multicenter controlled trial comparing high-frequency jet ventilation and conventional mechanical ventilation in newborn infants with pulmonary interstitial emphysema.
Comparison of 6 and 8 hourly tobramycin dosing intervals in treatment of pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibrosis patients.
Comparative thrombolytic properties of bolus injections and continuous infusions of a chimeric (t-PA/u-PA) plasminogen activator in a hamster pulmonary embolism model.
Intraoperative electron beam radiation therapy for retroperitoneal soft tissue sarcoma.
Tumor necrosis factor production in HIV-seropositive subjects. Relationship with lung opportunistic infections and HIV expression in alveolar macrophages.
Effect of enlarged adenoids on arterial blood gases in children.
Nocturnal nasal ventilation for treatment of patients with hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Serum tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 1-beta, p24 antigen concentrations and CD4+ cells at various stages of human immunodeficiency virus 1 infection in children.
Community acquired pneumonia: aetiology and prognostic index evaluation.
Airborne infection. Theoretical limits of protection achievable by building ventilation.
Nitrous oxide sedation causes post-hyperventilation apnoea.
Nutritional effects on response of children in developing countries to respiratory tract pathogens: implications for vaccine development.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux in mechanically ventilated preterm infants.
Analysis of the hemodynamic and ventilatory effects of laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Prediction of maximum exercise tolerance in patients with COPD
Persistence of respiratory abnormalities four years after the onset of toxic oil syndrome.
Intermittent short-term negative pressure ventilation and increased oxygenation in COPD patients with severe hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Effect of low-molecular-weight heparin on recombinant tissue plasminogen activator-induced thrombolysis in canine pulmonary embolism.
Sleep-induced periodic breathing and apnea: a theoretical study.
Cost and benefit of secondary prophylaxis for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Syndrome X and hyperventilation.
Effect of chemical conjugation of recombinant single-chain urokinase-type plasminogen activator with monoclonal antiplatelet antibodies on platelet aggregation and on plasma clot lysis in vitro and in vivo.
Mechanism of cytolytic T lymphocyte killing of a low class I-expressing tumor.
Ascites and pleural effusions associated with endometriosis.
Pulmonary endometriosis: conservative treatment with GnRH agonists.
Effect of negative pressure ventilation on arterial blood gas pressures and inspiratory muscle strength during an exacerbation of chronic obstructive lung disease.
Nasopharyngeal flora in the first three years of life in normal and otitis-prone children.
Source of tubercle bacilli in cervical lymph nodes: a prospective study.
Oral almitrine in treatment of acute respiratory failure and cor pulmonale in patients with an exacerbation of chronic obstructive airways disease.
Aetiology of community acquired pneumonia in Valencia, Spain: a multicentre prospective study.
Intravenous immunoglobulin in bone marrow transplantation.
Blindness resulting from orbital complications of sinusitis.
Laser cordectomy for T1 glottic carcinoma: a 10-year experience and videostroboscopic findings.
Microsubglottoscopy: an expansion of operative microlaryngoscopy.
Successful treatment of selected cases of abductor spasmodic dysphonia using botulinum toxin injection.
Upper airway obstruction and craniofacial morphology.
The gastropulmonary route of infection--fact or fiction?
Thrombolytic and pharmacokinetic properties of chimeric tissue-type and urokinase-type plasminogen activators.
Hypercarbic acidosis reduces cardiac resuscitability.
Cyclooxygenase pathway mediates lung injury induced by phorbol and platelets.
Ventilatory compensation for lactacidosis in ponies: role of carotid chemoreceptors and lung afferents.
Effect of hyperventilation on oxygenation of the brain cortex of newborn piglets.
Clinical, laboratory, roentgenographic, and electrocardiographic findings in patients with acute pulmonary embolism and no pre-existing cardiac or pulmonary disease.
Aerosol pentamidine-induced bronchoconstriction. Predictive factors and preventive therapy.
The value of flexible bronchoscopy in childhood pulmonary tuberculosis.
Recurring catamenial pneumothorax treated with a Gn-RH analogue.
Oxygen-induced hypercarbia in obstructive pulmonary disease.
Safety, pharmacokinetics, and functional activity of human anti-Pseudomonas aeruginosa monoclonal antibodies in septic and nonseptic patients.
Ionized calcium in blood: studies on patients with pulmonary disease.
