Salivary gland cancer. A case-control investigation of risk factors.
Pulmonary metastases from ameloblastoma of the mandible treated with cisplatin, adriamycin, and cyclophosphamide.
Periodontal disease and NIDDM in Pima Indians.
Cutaneous lesions of disseminated histoplasmosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Treatment of aggressive keratoacanthomas by radiotherapy.
Multiple oral and skin lesions occurring after treatment with penicillin.
Diagnosing periodontal diseases.
Reviewing nonsurgical periodontal therapy.
Surgical pocket reduction.
Using periodontal plastic surgery techniques.
Maintaining periodontal treatment.
Regenerating bone in clinical periodontics.
Dental implants used for periodontal patients.
Premolarization of a fractured maxillary first molar: a multidisciplinary treatment.
An esthetic approach to vertical root extrusion in a patient with an anterior open bite: report of case.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease.
Proliferative mass found in the gingiva.
Treatment of the retained permanent molar.
Morbidity associated with incompletely erupted third molars in the line of mandibular fractures.
Invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the mandible presenting as a chronic osteomyelitis: report of a case.
Assessment of Proplast-Teflon disc replacements [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Feb;49(2):220]
Factors associated with soft- and hard-tissue compromise of endosseous implants.
Detection of human papillomavirus-genomic DNA in oral epithelial dysplasias, oral smokeless tobacco-associated leukoplakias, and epithelial malignancies.
Contemporary management of a potentially lethal fetal anomaly: a successful perinatal approach to epignathus.
Capillary hemangioma of the maxilla. A report of two cases in which angiography and embolization were used.
Dental extraction for patients on oral anticoagulant therapy.
Oral squamous cell carcinoma arising in a patient with long-standing lichen planus. A case report.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
Dental abnormalities associated with familial expansile osteolysis: a clinical and radiographic study.
Differences between florid osseous dysplasia and chronic diffuse sclerosing osteomyelitis.
Contiguous enlarged dental follicles with histologic features resembling the WHO type of odontogenic fibroma
Hyaline ring granuloma: a distinct oral entity.
A dentist's dilemma: nonsurgical endodontic therapy or periapical surgery for teeth with apparent pulpal pathosis and an associated periapical radiolucent lesion.
A clarification on endodontic flare-ups [comment]
The radiologic morphology of asymptomatic temporomandibular joints.
The radiologic morphology of painful temporomandibular joints.
A comparative study of temporomandibular symptoms following mandibular advancement by bilateral sagittal split osteotomies: rigid versus nonrigid fixation.
A retrospective evaluation of 301 TMJ Proplast-Teflon implants.
Temporomandibular joint dysfunction and selected health parameters in the elderly.
A dentofacial deformity associated with incontinentia pigmenti: report of a case.
More unusual pigmentations of the gingiva.
Adult linear immunoglobulin A disease manifesting as desquamative gingivitis.
Interferon activation of latent natural killer cells and alteration in kinetics of target cell lysis: clinical implications for oral precancerous lesions.
Immunohistochemical study of oral lesions of lichen planus: diagnostic and pathophysiologic aspects.
Progressive osseous destruction as a complication of HIV-periodontitis.
Tyrosine-rich crystalloids in a polymorphous low-grade adenocarcinoma.
Periapical lesions of mandibular bone: difficulties in early diagnostics.
Microleakage associated with retrofilling of the apical two thirds with amalgam.
Fine-detail panoramic radiography by free-focus radiography. A clinical demonstration of diagnostic radiographs.
The effects of tartar-control toothpaste on the oral soft tissues.
Prevalence of shovel-shaped incisors in Saudi Arabian dental patients.
Geometrical planning for the correction of orbital hypertelorism.
One-stage closure of the entire primary palate.
Congenital lateral cleft palate: a new anomaly?
Oral findings in HIV-infected patients attending a department of internal medicine: the contribution of intraoral examination towards the clinical management of HIV disease
Needle aspiration biopsy in salivary gland lesions.
Whole organ sectioning of mixed parotid tumors.
Early facial reanimation following radical parotid and temporal bone tumor resections.
Reconstruction of mandibular defects in irradiated patients.
Long-term fate of the vascularized iliac crest bone graft for mandibular reconstruction.
Sequential connection of flaps: a logical approach to customized mandibular reconstruction.
Treatment selection for carcinoma of the base of the tongue.
Histopathologic grading of salivary gland neoplasms: I. Mucoepidermoid carcinomas.
Intravenous pulse cyclophosphamide therapy in myositis and Sjogren's syndrome.
Characterization of a macrophage-tropic HIV strain that does not alter macrophage cytokine production yet protects macrophages from superinfection by vesicular stomatitis virus.
Expression of major histocompatibility complex class II antigens and interleukin-1 by epithelial cells of Warthin's tumor.
Intraoral adenoid cystic carcinoma. The presence of perineural spread in relation to site, size, local extension, and metastatic spread in 22 cases.
Repair of salivary fistulae after laryngectomy.
Balancing dental service requirements and supplies: epidemiologic and demographic evidence.
Life-threatening hemorrhage after placement of an endosseous implant: report of case
Evaluating tooth eruption on sealant efficacy.
The prevalence of periodontitis in a military treatment population.
Periodontics in general practice: professional plaque control
Lip paresthesia associated with a jaw mass.
Rhinosporidiosis associated with squamous cell carcinoma in the tongue.
Malignant adenolymphoma of the parotid gland: report of carcinomatous transformation.
Benign parotid tumour enucleation--a reliable operation in selected cases.
Unusual lymphoproliferative oropharyngeal lesions in heart and heart-lung transplant recipients.
The problem of the bifid mandibular condyle.
Speech, velopharyngeal function, and hearing before and after orthognathic surgery.
Pedunculated soft-tissue mass on the alveolar gingiva [clinical conference]
Central adenoid cystic carcinoma of the mandible.
Parotid gland and facial nerve trauma: a retrospective review.
Association of group C beta-hemolytic streptococci with endemic pharyngitis among college students
Angioedema from angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors: a cause of upper airway obstruction.
A study of the comparative efficacy of four common analgesics in the control of postsurgical dental pain.
Comprehensive dental care and general anesthetic management of hereditary epidermolysis bullosa. A review of fourteen cases.
The myelodysplastic syndromes. Case report and review.
Propolis allergy: a cause of oral mucositis with ulceration.
Multiple myeloma and bullous lichenoid lesions: an unusual association.
Nitrendipine-induced gingival hyperplasia. First case report.
Thermally induced 'nicotine' stomatitis. A case report.
Diagnosis of oral hairy leukoplakia by ultrastructural examination of exfoliative cytologic specimens.
The cellular composition of basal cell adenoma of the parotid gland: an immunohistochemical analysis.
Primary malignant melanoma in the parotid gland.
Oral histoplasmosis as a presenting disease in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [published erratum appears in Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol 1991 Jan;71(1):76]
Epithelial rests' function in replantation: is splinting necessary in replantation?
Replantation: an analysis of 29 teeth.
Apical closure of mature molar roots with the use of calcium hydroxide.
When a patient with a bleeding disorder needs dental work. How you can work with the dentist to prevent a crisis
Improved primary surgical and dental treatment of clefts.
Experience with the functional cleft lip repair.
Primary repair of the bilateral cleft lip nose: a 15-year review and a new treatment plan.
Secondary correction of the unilateral cleft lip nose using a conchal composite graft.
Arteriovenous malformation of the tongue.
Nasolaryngoscopy for family physicians.
Toxic streptococcal syndrome.
Occipital condyle fracture presenting as retropharyngeal hematoma.
Histopathologic grading of salivary gland neoplasms: II. Acinic cell carcinomas.
Activation of T cell subsets in the peripheral blood of patients with Sjogren's syndrome. Multicolor flow cytometric analysis.
Association of labial salivary gland histopathology with clinical and serologic features of connective tissue diseases.
Family cancer syndrome: a study of the kindred of a man with osteogenic sarcoma of the mandible.
The surgical management of chronic parotitis.
Calvarial sutural abnormalities: metopic synostosis and coronal deformation--an anatomic, three-dimensional radiographic, and pathologic study.
Parotid gland: plain and gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging.
Controversies in the treatment of streptococcal pharyngitis
Myofibroblastoma of the tongue. An immunohistochemical, ultrastructural, and flow cytometric study.
Histopathologic grading of salivary gland neoplasms: III. Adenoid cystic carcinomas.
Histologic study of eustachian tube cartilage with and without congenital anomalies: a preliminary study.
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis presenting as ulcerodestructive gastrointestinal tract lesions in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection. A new association.
The role of herpes simplex virus in the development of oral mucositis in bone marrow transplant recipients.
Complete spontaneous regression of multiple basal cell carcinomas in the basal cell nevus syndrome: the possible role of transepithelial elimination.
New primary basal cell carcinomas arising in skin flaps following Mohs micrographic surgery for primary and recurrent basal cell carcinoma.
The association of xerostomia and inadequate intake in older adults.
Oral diseases in older adults [clinical conference]
Mapping of epitopes on the La(SS-B) autoantigen of primary Sjogren's syndrome: identification of a cross-reactive epitope.
Monomorphic adenomas of the major salivary glands: clinicopathological study of 44 cases.
Giant enterocystoma within an infant's tongue.
Temporal arteritis presenting as a submandibular swelling.
Parapharyngeal abscess and torticollis.
Parotid duct communicating with a labial pit and ectopic salivary cyst.
Radiobiological studies in the naevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome.
Oxybutynin hydrochloride (3 mg) in the treatment of women with idiopathic detrusor instability.
Dentofacial development in long-term survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A comparison of three treatment modalities.
Causes, diagnosis, and treatment of pharyngitis.
Detection of a human intracisternal A-type retroviral particle antigenically related to HIV.
Postoperative sore throat: topical hydrocortisone
Basis for defective proliferation of peripheral blood T cells to anti-CD2 antibodies in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Sialolithiasis: case studies and review.
The surgical treatment of noma.
Pharynx: value of oblique projections for radiographic examination.
Immunogenicity and protective effect against oral colonization by Streptococcus mutans of synthetic peptides of a streptococcal surface protein antigen.
The human antibody response to streptococcal C5a peptidase.
Facial pain.
Maintenance of condyle-proximal segment position in orthognathic surgery.
Central odontogenic fibroma: clinicopathologic features of 19 cases and review of the literature.
Dysgeusia, gustatory sweating, and crocodile tears syndrome induced by a cerebellopontine angle meningioma.
Lack of evidence for link between intradental lesions and chronic renal failure.
Dexamethasone as an adjunct in oropharyngeal obstruction in a patient with leukemia.
Gingival and cutaneous xanthomatosis associated with primary biliary cirrhosis. Report of a case.
Oral melanotic macules in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Subacute necrotizing sialadenitis.
The potential of periodontal pocket formation associated with untreated accessory root canals.
Reactions of rat odontogenic tissues to heat.
A retrospective clinical study of endodontically treated mandibular incisors in a selected Chinese population.
Cross-sectional tomography. A diagnostic technique for determining the buccolingual relationship of impacted mandibular third molars and the inferior alveolar neurovascular bundle.
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum. An unusual cause of a sore throat.
Potential role of beta-carotene in prevention of oral cancer.
Remission of precancerous lesions in the oral cavity of tobacco chewers and maintenance of the protective effect of beta-carotene or vitamin A.
Undifferentiated carcinomas of salivary glands.
Risk stratification of ambulatory patients suspected of Pneumocystis pneumonia.
Mediastinitis following nasal intubation in the emergency department.
Acinic cell carcinoma. Clinicopathologic review.
Risk factors for cancer of the tongue in Uruguay.
An assessment of salivary function in healthy premenopausal and postmenopausal females.
Uses and complications of uvulopalatopharyngoplasty.
Marijuana smoking as a possible cause of tongue carcinoma in young patients.
Randomized, double-blind trial of mazindol in Duchenne dystrophy.
Sick building syndrome.
Quincke's edema, revisited.
Sjogren's syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis: presence of autoantibodies to purified mitochondrial 2-OXO acid dehydrogenases.
Vascularized full-thickness parietal bone grafts in maxillofacial reconstruction: the role of the galea and superficial temporal vessels.
Thalidomide: treatment of severe recurrent aphthous stomatitis in patients with AIDS.
Topical cyclosporine for oral mucosal disorders.
Sensitivity restored of Class V abrasion/erosion lesions.
Reviewing the unicystic ameloblastoma: report of two cases.
Microleakage at gingival dentin margins of Class V composite restorations lined with light-cured glass ionomer cement.
Effect of endodontic access preparation on resistance to crown-root fracture.
Evaluating and influencing periodontal diagnostic and treatment behaviors in general practice.
Asymptomatic periapical radiolucent lesion found in an area of previous trauma [published erratum appears in J Am Dent Assoc 1991 Feb;122(2):18]
Treatment of beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis with cefaclor or penicillin. Efficacy and interaction with beta-lactamase-producing organisms in the pharynx.
Extraoral parotid sialolithotomy.
Indications for simultaneous orthognathic and septorhinoplastic surgery.
The relationship between the indications for the surgical removal of impacted third molars and the incidence of alveolar osteitis.
Evaluation of ultrasound in the diagnosis of pathologic processes in the parotid gland.
Severe preeclampsia presenting as dysphonia secondary to uvular edema. A case report.
Pregnancy associated with Gorlin's syndrome.
Right-to-left shunting through a patent foramen ovale caused by pulmonary hypertension associated with rheumatoid arthritis and Sjogren's syndrome: a case report.
Salivary gland involvement in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Patient-controlled analgesic administration. A comparison of steady-state morphine infusions with bolus doses.
Combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy in advanced inoperable squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. The final report of a randomized trial.
Why aging leads to increased susceptibility to infection.
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
Mandibular involvement in oral cancer.
Biotin deficiency per se is teratogenic in mice.
Mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the salivary glands: a reappraisal of the influence of tumor differentiation on prognosis.
Characterization of cytokines present in middle ear effusions.
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiology of acute suppurative parotitis.
Granulomatous sialadenitis.
Gross cystic disease fluid protein-15 in salivary gland tumors.
Cyclic-AMP binding proteins in the head and neck.
Irritant and sensitizing potential of copper, mercury and tin salts in experimental contact stomatitis of rat oral mucosa.
Clinical and biologic effects of granulocyte colony stimulating factor in the treatment of myelokathexis.
Location of abnormalities in panoramic radiographs of edentulous patients.
Submandibular cystic hygroma resembling a plunging ranula in a neonate. Review and report of a case.
Application of INSTAT hemostat in the control of gingival hemorrhage in the patient with thrombocytopenia. A case report.
Oral hairy leukoplakia in HIV infection: a diagnostic pitfall.
HIV infection: clinical features and treatment of thirty-three homosexual men with Kaposi's sarcoma.
Gingival swelling as a manifestation of aplastic anemia.
Melanocytic hyperplasia of the oral mucosa.
Major aphthous-like ulcers in patients with AIDS.
Normal proprioceptive trigeminal afferents in patients with Sjogren's syndrome and sensory neuronopathy.
Association of the complement allele C4AQ0 with primary Sjogren's syndrome in Japanese patients.
Pancreatic autoantibodies and pancreatic function in Sjogren's syndrome.
The vascularized fibula graft in mandibular reconstruction.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of head and neck lesions.
Medical and dental implications of cocaine abuse.
Monocytoid B cell lymphoma.
Dapsone is an effective therapy for the skin lesions of subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and urticarial vasculitis in a patient with C2 deficiency.
Prevention of dry socket: an overview.
Effects of removing inferior alveolar neurovascular structures on mandibular growth and the eruption of permanent dentition in puppies.
Orofacial odontogenic infections: review of microbiology and current treatment.
Malignant melanoma of the oral cavity. A case report.
Oral lichen planus: the clinical, historical, and therapeutic features of 100 cases
Candidal infection in oral lichen planus.
A comparison of the signs of temporomandibular joint dysfunction and occlusal discrepancies in a symptom-free population of men and women.
Grinspan's syndrome: a drug-induced phenomenon?
Adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma of the tongue.
Peripheral ameloblastoma with clear cell differentiation.
Intracoronal radiolucencies within unerupted teeth. Case report and review of literature.
A comparison of two temporary restorations: light-cured resin versus a self-polymerizing temporary restoration.
Radiographic detection of recurrent carious lesions associated with composite restorations.
Iliac versus cranial bone for secondary grafting of residual alveolar clefts.
Radiographic manifestations of congenital anomalies affecting the airway.
Primary sarcomas of the major salivary glands.
Primary parotid malignancies. A clinical and pathologic review.
Further evaluation of radical surgery following radiotherapy for advanced parotid carcinoma.
Dry mouth: diagnosing and treating its multiple causes.
Inhibition of fluorouracil-induced stomatitis by oral cryotherapy.
Concurrent cisplatin, infusional fluorouracil, and conventionally fractionated radiation therapy in head and neck cancer: dose-limiting mucosal toxicity.
Apparent increase in the incidence of invasive group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal disease in children.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of salivary glands.
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiology of peritonsillar abscess.
Postanginal sepsis with dysphagia.
Nutritional supplementation and the development of linear enamel hypoplasias in children from Tezonteopan, Mexico.
S-100 protein antibodies do not label normal salivary gland myoepithelium. Histogenetic implications for salivary gland tumors.
Results of radiation therapy in carcinoma of the base of the tongue. The Curie Institute experience with about 166 cases.
The effects of 13-cis-retinoic acid and beta-carotene on cellular immunity in humans.
Anterior lingual mandibular salivary gland defect. Evaluation of twenty-four cases.
Osteomyelitis of the mandible in a patient with dysosteosclerosis. Report of a case.
Oral manifestations of HIV infection and their management. I. More common lesions.
Oral manifestations of HIV infection and their management. II. Less common lesions.
Periductal lymphocytic infiltration of salivary glands in Sjogren's syndrome with relation to clinical and immunologic findings.
Immunoprofile of mucoepidermoid carcinomas of minor salivary glands.
Congenital dermoid fistula of the lower lip.
Parotid gland plasmacytoma with crystalline deposits.
Referred pain of muscular origin resembling endodontic involvement. Case report.
Contribution of pretreatment radiographs to orthodontists' decision making.
Nonsquamous tumors of the head and neck in the geriatric population.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus DNA by in situ hybridization and polymerase chain reaction in salivary gland biopsy specimens from patients with Sjogren's syndrome
Cytokine regulation of localized inflammation. Induction of activated B cells and IL-6-mediated polyclonal IgG and IgA synthesis in inflamed human gingiva.
The central (intraosseous) calcifying odontogenic cyst: an analysis of 215 cases.
Long-term memory of acute postsurgical pain.
Correction of condylar displacement following intraoral vertical ramus osteotomy.
The value of arthrography in the decision-making process regarding surgery for internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint.
Bilateral papillary cystadenoma lymphomatosum of the parotid gland without accumulation of technetium 99m pertechnetate: report of a case and review of the literature.
Puppet-like syndrome of Angelman: a pathologic and neurochemical study.
Familial, obstetric, and other clinical correlates of minor physical anomalies in schizophrenia.
Delayed pharyngoesophageal perforation: a complication of anterior spine surgery.
Terminal duct adenocarcinomas of salivary tissues.
Generalized pustular psoriasis in childhood. Report of thirteen cases.
Strong association of HLA-DRw9 in Chinese patients with recurrent oral ulcers.
Oral manifestations of Crohn's disease. An analysis of 79 cases.
The case for early bone grafting in cleft lip and palate: a second report.
Partial duplication of the face: case report and review.
Severe congenital neutropenia: clinical effects and neutrophil function during treatment with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Benign parotid tumors: a 24-year experience.
Effect of selective elimination of the oral flora on mucositis in irradiated head and neck cancer patients.
Herniation of the antral membrane through an extraction site. Report of a case.
Open preliminary clinical trial of clobetasol propionate ointment in adhesive paste for treatment of chronic oral vesiculoerosive diseases.
The effects of sucralfate suspension and diphenhydramine syrup plus kaolin-pectin on radiotherapy-induced mucositis.
Tongue atrophy in mixed connective tissue disease.
Tuberous sclerosis.
Fibromatous epulis in dogs and peripheral odontogenic fibroma in human beings: two equivalent lesions.
An electron and optical microscopic study of juxtaposed odontogenic keratocyst and carcinoma.
Periodontium response to a root canal condensing device (Endotec).
Immediate and delayed direct pulp capping with the use of a new visible light-cured calcium hydroxide preparation.
Pulpal response to tricalcium phosphate as a capping agent.
Development of supernumerary premolars in an orthodontic population.
The role of infections in the rheumatic diseases: molecular mimicry between bacterial and human stress proteins?
Caffeine as an analgesic adjuvant. A double-blind study comparing aspirin with caffeine to aspirin and placebo in patients with sore throat.
Defects of the retinal pigment epithelium in scleroderma.
Long-term results of submandibular duct transposition for drooling.
Unusual complication of an ingested foreign body.
False-positive immunostaining of normal epithelia and carcinomas with ascites fluid preparations of antimelanoma monoclonal antibody HMB45.
Pulmonary oedema following relief of upper airway obstruction in the Pierre-Robin syndrome: a consequence of early palatal repair?
Antibiotic use in the treatment of non-streptococcal pharyngitis.
Mononuclear cell phenotypes and immunoglobulin gene rearrangements in lacrimal gland biopsies from patients with Sjogren's syndrome.
Optic neuropathy and central nervous system disease secondary to Sjogren's syndrome in a child.
Low power laser biostimulation of chronic oro-facial pain. A double-blind placebo controlled cross-over study in 40 patients.
Maxillary advancement for mandibular prognathism: indications and rationale.
Orthognathic surgery in cleft patients treated by early bone grafting.
Reconstruction of a compound facial deformity involving the columella, nasal base, and upper lip.
Untreated cleft lip in an aged patient.
Iatrogenic epidermoid cyst of the parotid region following ear surgery.
The contributing role of condylar resorption to skeletal relapse following mandibular advancement surgery: report of five cases.
The transmandibular implant: a 13-year survey of its use.
Retrospective analysis of 135 secondary alveolar cleft grafts using iliac or calvarial bone.
Cryosurgery in 50 cases of tongue carcinoma.
Community-wide outbreak of group G streptococcal pharyngitis.
Cardiac tumors and the nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome.
Smell and taste disorders, a study of 750 patients from the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center.
Cervicofacial cystic hygroma. Patterns of recurrence and management of the difficult case.
Perioperative management of paediatric microstomia.
Oral Kaposi's sarcoma in a woman as a first indication of HIV infection.
T cell subpopulations in the labial minor salivary gland histopathologic lesion of Sjogren's syndrome.
Globus pharyngeus: long-term follow-up and prognostic factors.
Cutaneous silica granuloma. A rare entity or rarely diagnosed? Report of two cases with review of the literature.
Intractable ulcerating enterocolitis of infancy.
Periodontitis as an early presentation of HIV infection.
The role of definitive radiation therapy in squamous cell carcinoma of the oral tongue.
Is fetal cellular rhabdomyoma an entity or a differentiated rhabdomyosarcoma? A study of patients with rhabdomyoma of the tongue and sarcoma of the tongue enrolled in the intergroup rhabdomyosarcoma studies I, II, and III.
Polymorphous low grade adenocarcinoma of the palate in a child.
Management of associated dental injuries in maxillofacial trauma.
Lung function in primary Sjogren's syndrome: a cross sectional and longitudinal study.
White sponge naevus and ocular coloboma.
Comparison of orthodox with fibreoptic orotracheal intubation under total i.v. anaesthesia.
Oral melanoma and other pigmented lesions of the oral cavity.
A rotational method of bilateral cleft lip nose repair.
Cleft palate fistulas: a multivariate statistical analysis of prevalence, etiology, and surgical management.
A population-based study of Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Incidence and antecedent drug exposures.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. An epidemiologic study from West Germany.
Ablepharon macrostomia syndrome.
Alveolitis correlates with clinical pulmonary involvement in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Attitude variables of dentofacial deformity patients: demographic characteristics and associations.
Fetal cleft lip repair in rabbits: postnatal facial growth after repair.
Bruxism. How to stop tooth grinding and clenching.
Oral hairy leukoplakia in a HIV-negative renal graft recipient.
Concomitant chemotherapy and split-course radiation for cure and preservation of speech and swallowing in head and neck cancer.
Adenoid cystic carcinoma: DNA as a prognostic indicator.
Primary mandibular reconstruction: analysis of 64 cases and evaluation of interface radiation dosimetry on bridging plates.
Chronic sialadenitis with psammoma bodies mimicking neoplasia in a fine-needle aspiration specimen from the submandibular gland.
Chronic xerostomia increases esophageal acid exposure and is associated with esophageal injury.
Pilocarpine treatment of salivary gland hypofunction and dry mouth (xerostomia).
Gastroesophageal reflux and upper airway diseases.
Epithelial-myoepithelial carcinoma of salivary glands.
Undifferentiated carcinoma of parotid gland.
Myospherulosis. Complicating wound healing.
Diagnosing salivary stones.
Diagnosing and managing oral lichen planus.
A simple sore throat? Retropharyngeal emphysema secondary to free-basing cocaine.
Arcanobacterium hemolyticum infection: confused with scarlet fever and diphtheria.
Psychological aspects of orthognathic surgery: how people respond to facial change.
Salivary function of persons with hereditary epidermolysis bullosa.
Monosodium glutamate-related orofacial granulomatosis. Review and case report.
The administration of folic acid to institutionalized epileptic adults with phenytoin-induced gingival hyperplasia. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel study.
Dental management of the patient with major depression.
Intraoral salivary gland neoplasms: a retrospective study of seventy cases in an African population.
Adenomatoid hyperplasia of minor salivary glands.
Benign fibro-osseous lesions in Paget's disease of the jaws.
Unusual intramandibular neural tumor.
Ewing's sarcoma: metastatic tumor to the jaw.
Healing assessment of osseous defects of periapical lesions associated with failed endodontically treated teeth with use of freeze-dried bone allograft.
Healing of periapical radiolucencies after nonsurgical endodontic therapy.
Magnetic resonance imaging of canine salivary glands after ductal ligation and stimulation by pilocarpine.
Risk factors for rapid progression from hairy leukoplakia to AIDS: a nested case-control study.
Public Health Service report on fluoride benefits and risks.
Hyperendemic Streptococcus pyogenes infection despite prophylaxis with penicillin G benzathine
Dying of cancer: a patient's recollection of her illness and of her doctors.
Beware of malignant lymphoma masquerading as facial inflammatory processes.
Oral soft tissues in hereditary epidermolysis bullosa.
Serum zinc levels in patients with burning mouth syndrome.
Association of supraglottic and gingival idiopathic plasmacytosis.
Incontinentia pigmenti (Bloch-Sulzberger syndrome). A case report.
Polymorphous low-grade adenocarcinoma of minor salivary gland. A comparative histologic and immunohistochemical study.
Epipalatus: a rare intraoral teratoma.
An in vivo study of the use of a nonresorbable ceramic hydroxyapatite as an alloplastic graft material in periapical surgery.
Apicectomy: a comparative clinical study of amalgam and glass ionomer cement as apical sealants.
Correlations between endotoxin and clinical symptoms or radiolucent areas in infected root canals.
Cefadroxil in the management of facial cellulitis of odontogenic origin.
Pharmacologic manipulation of postoperative labial wound contraction and midfacial growth in rabbits.
The effects of the rapid strep test on physician management of streptococcal pharyngitis.
Interleukin-1 mRNA-expressing macrophages in human chronically inflamed gingival tissues.
Sera from patients with autoimmune disease recognize conformational determinants on the 60-kd Ro/SS-A protein.
Analysis of antibody titers to Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigens in sera of patients with Sjogren's syndrome and with rheumatoid arthritis.
The incidence and relationship of cervical spine anomalies in patients with cleft lip and/or palate.
Hemorrhage following mandibular osteotomies: a report of 21 cases.
Otolaryngologic manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux.
Insertion of the tensor veli palatini muscle into the eustachian tube cartilage in cleft palate cases.
Pharyngeal ulceration in AIDS patients secondary to cytomegalovirus infection.
Hairy leukoplakia-like lesions following bone-marrow transplantation.
Epidemiology and prevention of periodontal disease in individuals with diabetes.
Recurrent aphthous ulcers in association with HIV infection. Description of ulcer types and analysis of T-lymphocyte subsets.
Penetration of erythromycin into periapical lesions after repeated doses of erythromycin acistrate and erythromycin stearate: a pilot study.
In situ hybridization analysis of human papillomavirus DNA in oral mucosal lesions.
Detection of human papillomavirus in head and neck tumors with DNA hybridization and immunohistochemical analysis.
In situ DNA hybridization analysis of oral papillomas, leukoplakias, and carcinomas for human papillomavirus.
Study of human papillomavirus in oral epithelial dysplasia and epidermoid carcinoma in the absence of tobacco and alcohol use.
Acute pulpal-alveolar cellulitis syndrome V. Apical closure of immature teeth by infection control: case report and a possible microbial-immunologic etiology. Part 1.
Intentional replantation: a successful alternative for hopeless teeth.
Contrast enhancement as an aid to interpretation in digital subtraction radiography.
A comparison of cephalosporins and penicillins in the treatment of group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis: a meta-analysis supporting the concept of microbial copathogenicity.
Recurrent parotitis and sialectasis in childhood. Clinical, radiologic, immunologic, bacteriologic, and histologic study.
Toxic shock syndrome associated with pharyngitis and submandibular space abscess.
Role of quinsy tonsillectomy in the management of peritonsillar abscess.
Variations in the prevalence and extent of periodontitis.
Managing aphthous ulcers: laser treatment applied.
Lateral pharyngeal space abscess as a consequence of regional anesthesia.
Reviewing oral leukoplakia: clinical concepts for the 1990s.
Clindamycin treatment of chronic pharyngeal carriage of group A streptococci.
Methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin in metastatic breast cancer. A phase II trial of the Hoosier Oncology Group.
Peritonsillar abscess: risk of disease in the remaining tonsil after unilateral tonsillectomy a chaud.
Bilateral parotid secondaries from primary bronchial carcinoid tumour.
Lingual thyroid: the diagnostic value of magnetic resonance imaging.
Management of oral submucous fibrosis: a conservative approach.
Sonography and scintigraphy in the diagnosis of diseases of the major salivary glands.
An alternative explanation for the genesis of closed-lock symptoms in the internal derangement process.
A comparison of profile changes between ramus and anterior mandibular subapical osteotomies in class III Chinese patients.
Predictors of outcome in children hospitalized with maxillofacial infections: a linear logistic model.
Effect of chitosan on lingual hemostasis in rabbits.
Pathophysiology of cleft lip muscles following the initial surgical repair.
Subcellular distribution and life cycle of Epstein-Barr virus in keratinocytes of oral hairy leukoplakia.
Dual modulation of 5-fluorouracil using leucovorin and hydroxyurea. A phase I trial.
Identification of spirochetes related to Treponema pallidum in necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis and chronic periodontitis.
Periodontal disease and the family physician.
Clinical and metabolic responses to different types of premedication.
Raising the root. A look at orthodontic extrusion.
How finishing affects glass ionomers. Results of a five-year evaluation.
HIV and periodontal health. A study of military personnel with HIV.
Spotlight on lasers. A look at potential benefits.
Parotid manifestations of HIV infection.
The prevalence of oral lesions in HIV-infected homosexual and bisexual men: three San Francisco epidemiological cohorts.
Oromandibular reconstruction using microvascular composite free flaps. Report of 71 cases and a new classification scheme for bony, soft-tissue, and neurologic defects.
Immediate mandibular replacement using reconstruction plates.
Suprahyoid pharyngotomy for oropharynx cancer including the tongue base.
Nephrocalcinosis in Sjogren's syndrome: a late sequela of renal tubular acidosis.
Allergic rash due to antiepileptic drugs: clinical features and management.
Growth status of children treated for unilateral cleft lip and palate.
The modified buccal musculomucosal flap method for cleft palate surgery.
Intraoral reconstruction with a microvascular peritoneal flap.
Parotid enlargement in children seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus: imaging findings.
Chlamydia trachomatis in the etiology of acute otitis media.
Basaloid monomorphic adenomas.
Cytology of head and neck tumors, liver, and pancreas.
The microbiology of peritonsillar sepsis.
The use of transdermal scopolamine to control drooling. A case report.
The management of peritonsillar sepsis by needle aspiration.
Is a single quinsy an indication for tonsillectomy?
Ocular cicatricial pemphigoid occurring as a sequela of Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
Duodenal ulcer and Sjogren's syndrome in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis: a casual association?
Complex segregation analysis of nonsyndromic cleft lip and palate.
Cleft lip and palate: no evidence of linkage to transforming growth factor alpha.
Nonsurgical treatment of drooling in a patient with closed head injury and severe dysarthria.
Geniculate neuralgia: the surgical management of primary otalgia.
The effect of a chlorhexidine rinse on the incidence of alveolar osteitis following the surgical removal of impacted mandibular third molars.
Cardiohemodynamic and serum catecholamine response to surgical removal of impacted mandibular third molars under local anesthesia: a randomized double-blind parallel group and crossover study.
An epidemiologic and anatomic survey of odontogenic infections.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the choroid plexus in Sjogren's disease.
Craniofacial growth from infancy through adulthood. Background and clinical implications.
Structural abnormalities of the craniofacial complex and congenital malformations.
Managing the cleft lip and palate patient.
Identifying normal and abnormal development of dental occlusion.
The role of the pediatrician in identifying and treating dental caries.
Periodontal health and disease in children and adolescents.
Preventive oral health care for the infant, child, and adolescent.
Diagnosing and treating common oral pathologies.
The pediatrician's involvement in prevention and treatment of oral disease in medically compromised children.
Oral habits. A behavioral approach.
Managing common dental problems and emergencies.
Computerized digital enhancement in craniofacial cephalometric radiography.
Analysis of reconstruction for anterior mandibular defects using AO plates.
Tissue responses to degenerative changes in the temporomandibular joint: a review.
Modified Le Fort I (maxillary-zygomatic) osteotomy: rationale, basis, and surgical technique.
Median lip fissure: etiology and suggested treatment.
Histologic evaluation of the pulpal response to temperature probe placement in the Macaca fascicularis monkey.
Dentin dysplasia: review of the literature and a proposed subclassification based on radiographic findings.
Cervical necrotizing fasciitis of odontogenic origin.
Recurrent buccal space abscesses: a complication of Crohn's disease.
Pneumoparotid: a case report.
Osteomyelitis of the mandible as a result of sickle cell disease. Report and literature review.
Oral leukoplakia and adolescent smokeless tobacco use.
Differences in salivary flow rates in elderly subjects using xerostomatic medications.
Peripheral (extraosseous) calcifying odontogenic cyst. A review of forty-five cases.
Central granular cell tumor of the jaw. An electron microscopic and immunohistochemical study.
Plexiform granular cell odontogenic tumor: unicystic variant.
Unique odontogenic tumor with dentinogenesis and features of unicystic plexiform ameloblastoma.
Acute pulpal-alveolar cellulitis syndrome. V. Apical closure of immature teeth by infection control: the importance of an endodontic seal with therapeutic factors. Part 2.
Generalized pustular psoriasis. A review of 63 cases.
Mandible reconstruction with vascularized bone grafts. A histologic evaluation.
Xanthoma disseminatum: a case with extensive mucous membrane involvement.
Lack of effect of peroral acyclovir for the treatment of acute infectious mononucleosis.
Nd:YAG laser-induced hyperthermia treatment of spontaneously occurring veterinary head and neck tumors.
Identification and mapping to chromosome 1 of a susceptibility locus for periinsulitis in non-obese diabetic mice.
Aesthetic improvements in free-flap mandible reconstruction.
Use of the AO plate for immediate mandibular reconstruction in cancer patients.
The free tongue graft for correction of secondary deformities of the vermilion in patients with cleft lip.
The development of penicillin-resistant oral streptococci after repeated penicillin prophylaxis.
Fibrous lesions of the gingiva: a histopathologic analysis of 204 cases.
Dental decay rates among children of migrant workers in Yakima, WA.
Tissue plasminogen activator-associated lingual artery hemorrhage.
Pharyngeal pouch carcinoma: two unusual cases.
Lack of impact of early antibiotic therapy for streptococcal pharyngitis on recurrence rates.
Lack of influence of beta-lactamase-producing flora on recovery of group A streptococci after treatment of acute pharyngitis.
A management plan for tongue base cancer that includes brachytherapy.
Reduction of salivary flow with transdermal scopolamine: a four-year experience.
Glycosaminoglycans in pleomorphic adenoma and adenoid cystic carcinoma of the salivary gland.
Monocytes and polymorphonuclear neutrophils of patients with streptococcal pharyngitis express increased numbers of type I IgG Fc receptors.
Effect of granulocytopenia on oral microbial relationships in patients with acute leukemia.
Optimal dosing interval for penicillin treatment of streptococcal pharyngitis.
Life-threatening angioedema.
Maxillofacial considerations in orthotopic liver transplantation.
Mycoplasma pneumoniae infections and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Report of eight cases and review of the literature.
Dental findings in mucopolysaccharidosis type IV A (Morquio's disease type A).
The efficacy of chlorhexidine gel in reduction of Streptococcus mutans and Lactobacillus species in patients treated with radiation therapy.
Sequential immunopathologic study of oral lichen planus treated with tretinoin and etretinate.
Autoantibodies and rheumatic disorders in a neurology inpatient population: a prospective study.
Functional results after total or near total glossectomy with laryngeal preservation.
Laboratory measurements of nutritional status as correlates of atrophic glossitis.
Preservation of facial contour during parotidectomy.
The prevalence of Mycoplasma pneumoniae in ambulatory patients with nonstreptococcal sore throat.
Parotid sialography with a new Zonarc program.
Endoscopic diverticulotomy for the treatment of Zenker's diverticulum.
Carbon dioxide laser surgery of oral leukoplakia.
Immediate vs. delayed treatment of group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis with penicillin V.
Upper airway obstruction and craniofacial morphology.
Staple closure of the hypopharynx after diverticulectomy and total laryngectomy.
