aortic cross-clamping.
Inadequacy of saphenous vein grafts for cross-femoral venous bypass.
The mechanisms and prevention of intravascular fluid loss after occlusion of the supraceliac aorta in dogs.
Percutaneous intraarterial thrombolysis in the treatment of thrombosis of lower extremity arterial reconstructions.
Aortic sepsis: is there a role for in situ graft reconstruction?
Extraperitoneal approach for repair of inflammatory abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Transmetatarsal amputation: the role of adjunctive revascularization.
Aortoiliac surgery in renal transplant patients.
Histologic characteristics of carotid artery plaque.
Iliopectineal bursitis: an unusual cause of iliofemoral vein compression.
Microvessel derived endothelial cell isolation, adherence, and monolayer formation for vascular grafts.
Gallstone formation after major abdominal surgery.
Prospective cohort study of prone sleeping position and sudden infant death syndrome.
Regional cerebral blood flow and cognitive function in patients with chronic liver disease.
New autonomic and sensory neuropathy with loss of adrenergic sympathetic function and sensory neuropeptides.
Who will operate on Africa's 3 million curably blind people?
Prevalence of chronic migraine headaches--United States, 1980-1989.
Midbrain vs. pontine medial longitudinal fasciculus lesions: the utilization of masseter and blink reflexes.
Electrophysiological findings in localized hypertrophic mononeuropathy.
Muscle regeneration following segmental necrosis in tenotomized muscle fibers.
The beneficial effects of early dexamethasone administration in infants and children with bacterial meningitis.
Beta-adrenergic-antagonist drugs in the prevention of gastrointestinal bleeding in patients with cirrhosis and esophageal varices. An analysis of data and prognostic factors in 589 patients from four randomized clinical trials. Franco-Italian Multicenter Study Group.
Effects of phosphatidylserine in age-associated memory impairment.
Hemianesthesia, sensory neglect, and defective access to conscious experience.
Dystrophin expression and somatic reversion in prednisone-treated and untreated Duchenne dystrophy. CIDD Study Group.
Relapsing transverse myelitis.
Acute pandysautonomic neuropathy.
Legionella myositis.
Premenstrual syndrome.
Traumatic anterior fossa cerebrospinal fluid fistulae and craniofacial considerations.
Management of traumatic injuries to the facial nerve.
Regimen compliance two years after myocardial infarction.
Intrahepatic hematoma: a rare complication of exchange transfusion.
Test-retest reliability of isokinetic knee extension and flexion torque measurements in persons with spastic hemiparesis.
Unimpinged and impinged anterior cruciate ligament grafts: MR signal intensity measurements.
Double anal canal: complication of rectal fecalith.
Malignant biliary obstruction: percutaneous use of self-expandable stents
Subperiosteal abscess in children: scintigraphic appearance.
Osteomyelitis in children with sickle cell disease: early diagnosis with contrast-enhanced CT.
Atypical hyperplasia of the breast: mammographic appearance and histologic correlation.
Orbital fractures: surface coil MR imaging.
3DFT MR angiography of the carotid bifurcation: potential and limitations as a screening examination.
Acute traumatic midbrain hemorrhage: experimental and clinical observations with CT.
Method and theory of monophasic action potential recording.
Mechanism of production of scoliosis. A hypothesis.
Orientation and moment arms of some trunk muscles.
Hypotensive anesthesia for scoliosis surgery in Jehovah's Witnesses.
Effect of disc degeneration at one level on the adjacent level in axial mode.
Evidence from cadavers suggestive of entrapment of fifth lumbar spinal nerves by lumbosacral ligaments.
Vascular complications of lumbar decompression laminectomy and foraminotomy. A unique case and review of the literature.
Effects of rigidity of an internal fixation device. A comprehensive biomechanical investigation.
Reconstruction of failed lumbar surgery with narrow AO DCP plates for spinal arthrodesis.
Biomechanics of fixation systems to the cervical spine.
Factors affecting survival of patients with ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm in a West Virginia community.
Preliminary vascular control for renal trauma.
The role of platelet activating factor and its antagonists in shock, sepsis and multiple organ failure.
Midline craniectomy for sagittal suture synostosis: comparative efficacy of two barriers to calvarial reclosure.
Magnetic resonance imaging of human spinal cord infarction.
Spinal leptomeningeal metastasis from cerebral glioblastoma. Appearance on magnetic resonance imaging.
Ectopic pituitary adenoma in the suprasellar cistern: case report.
Thrombogenic microballoon for cerebral aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations, and carotid cavernous fistula occlusion. Preliminary technical note.
Oropharyngeal flora and chest infection after upper abdominal surgery.
Palliation of malignant tracheal strictures using silicone T tubes.
Hilar and mediastinal lymphadenopathy in the limited form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
Prognostic parameters in spontaneous intracerebral hematomas with special reference to anticoagulant treatment.
Thalamic atrophy following cerebral infarction in the territory of the middle cerebral artery.
Allopurinol pretreatment improves evoked response recovery following global cerebral ischemia in dogs.
Acetazolamide or dexamethasone use versus placebo to prevent acute mountain sickness on Mount Rainier.
Nimodipine and bradycardia in acute stroke--drug or disease?
Acute bronchitis in children: building a clinical definition.
Pancytopenia associated with hypothermia.
Treatment of critically ill patients with sepsis of unknown cause: value of percutaneous cholecystostomy.
Abdominal CT findings after liver transplantation in 66 patients.
Obstruction of the infrarenal portion of the abdominal aorta: results of treatment with balloon angioplasty.
Autonomic dysfunction in alcoholic cirrhosis: relationship to indicators of synthetic activation and the occurrence of renal sodium retention.
Development of cirrhosis after chronic type B hepatitis: a clinicopathologic and follow-up study of 46 HBeAg-positive asymptomatic patients.
Cholestasis in patients with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome: comparison between ultrasonographic and cholangiographic findings.
A simple radiologic method to estimate the quantity of bowel gas.
A limitation of endoscopic ultrasound: an unusual case of early gastric cancer overlying a pancreatic rest.
Successful removal of massive intragastric gallstones by endoscopic electrohydraulic lithotripsy and mechanical lithotripsy.
Shock wave-induced pancreatic trauma.
Aphthoid ulceration of the colon in strongyloidiasis.
Twenty-four-hour esophageal pH monitoring: the most useful test for evaluating noncardiac chest pain.
POEMS syndrome with idiopathic flushing mimicking carcinoid syndrome.
Unexplained syncope evaluated by electrophysiologic studies and head-up tilt testing.
Fingerstick glucose determination in shock.
Retinochoroidal coloboma and subretinal neovascularization.
Linear nevus sebaceous syndrome: megalencephaly and heterotopic gray matter.
Giant axonal neuropathy and leukodystrophy.
Circadian variation in the frequency of onset of chest pain in acute myocardial infarction.
A critical threshold of exercise capacity in the ventilatory response to exercise in heart failure.
Role of intraoperative ultrasound examination in patients undergoing a Fontan-type procedure.
Ebstein's anomaly associated with splenomegaly and reversible hypersplenism.
Bone modulation in sustained hematopoietic stimulation in mice.
Autoantibodies to the presumptive cytoplasmic domain of platelet glycoprotein IIIa in patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
The performance of two tympanic thermometers in a pediatric emergency department.
Infrared, thermistor, and glass-mercury thermometry for measurement of body temperature in children with cancer.
Effect of otitis media on infrared tympanic thermometry.
Behavioral aspects of temperature-taking.
HLA class I antigen expression as a measure of response to antiviral therapy of chronic hepatitis B.
Memory T cells represent the predominant lymphocyte subset in acute and chronic liver inflammation.
Morbidity and mortality from chronic hepatitis B virus infection in family members of patients with malignant and nonmalignant hepatitis B virus-related chronic liver diseases.
Bioelectric impedance analysis: experience with male patients with cirrhosis.
Propranolol in the prevention of the first hemorrhage from esophagogastric varices: A multicenter, randomized clinical trial. The Boston-New Haven-Barcelona Portal Hypertension Study Group.
Ascitic fluid pH and lactate: insensitive and nonspecific tests in detecting ascitic fluid infection.
Valproate in the treatment of persistent chronic daily headache. An open label study.
Recurrent prolonged coma due to basilar artery migraine. A case report.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of CD23 expression on lymphocytes in rheumatoid synovitis.
A technique to accurately construct a contact dressing.
Spinal cord stimulation in 60 cases of intractable pain.
The "make/break test" as a diagnostic tool in functional weakness.
Management of adipsia by a behavioural modification technique.
Blindness as an ictal phenomenon: investigations with EEG and SPECT in two patients suffering from epilepsy.
Retinal migraine, chorea, and retinal artery thrombosis in a patient with primary antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
Screening of gene deletions by polymerase chain reaction in Japanese patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Tubal occlusion after inguinal hernia repair. A case report.
Acute polyhydramnios associated with chorioangioma. A case report.
Microcirculatory flow changes after initial resuscitation of hemorrhagic shock with 7.5% hypertonic saline/6% dextran 70.
Adequate crystalloid resuscitation restores but fails to maintain the active hepatocellular function following hemorrhagic shock.
Eicosanoids regulate tumor necrosis factor synthesis after hemorrhage in vitro and in vivo.
The effect of nociceptive stimulation on the changes in hemodynamics and oxygen transport induced by hemorrhage in anesthetized pigs.
Fluid distribution and pulmonary dysfunction following burn shock.
Gut bacterial translocation via the portal vein: a clinical perspective with major torso trauma.
A prospective evaluation of myocardial contusion: correlation of significant arrhythmias and cardiac output with CPK-MB measurements.
A prospective evaluation of arterial intimal injuries in an experimental model.
Continuous automated monitoring of somatosensory evoked potentials in posttraumatic coma.
Ballistic trauma to the abdomen: shell fragments versus bullets.
Argon beam coagulation is superior to conventional techniques in repair of experimental splenic injury.
Histopathologic features of the L-tryptophan-related eosinophilia-myalgia (fasciitis) syndrome
Carotid endarterectomy in elderly patients
Brachial plexus anesthesia for outpatient surgical procedures on an upper extremity
Allergic reactions to long-term benzathine penicillin prophylaxis for rheumatic fever. International Rheumatic Fever Study Group.
Observation of the external aperture of the vestibular aqueduct using three-dimensional surface reconstruction imaging.
Basement-membrane thickening of the vocal cords in sudden infant death syndrome.
Retrolabyrinthine vestibular nerve section: efficacy in disorders other than Meniere's disease.
The association of laryngoceles with squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx.
Facial nerve regeneration through autologous nerve grafts: a clinical and experimental study.
The phenotype of the X-linked dystonia-parkinsonism syndrome. An assessment of 42 cases in the Philippines.
Diagnosis and cure of the Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome or paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias during a single electrophysiologic test
A single intravenous infusion of gamma globulin as compared with four infusions in the treatment of acute Kawasaki syndrome
Mandatory trial of labor after cesarean delivery: an alternative viewpoint
Rupture of low transverse cesarean scars during trial of labor
A randomized study of closure of the peritoneum at cesarean delivery.
Hydatidiform mole and fetus with normal karyotype: support of a separate entity.
Ultrasound detection of fetal aneuploidy in patients with elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein.
Tears of the retinal pigment epithelium: occurrence in association with choroidal effusion.
The effect of sodium hyaluronate on the outcome of trabeculectomy.
Goniotomy technique for removal of anterior chamber intraocular lenses.
Effects of pulsed Nd:YAG laser on the surface of rabbit retina.
Hemodynamic and oxygen transport changes following endotracheal suctioning in trauma patients.
Acute venous thrombosis. Therapeutic choices for superficial and deep veins.
Acute monarticular arthritis. Sleuthing out the cause.
Detection of hepatitis B virus DNA sequences in liver in HBsAg seronegative patients with liver disease with and without anti-HBc antibodies.
Mycobacterial infections after renal transplantation.
Diagnosis and laparoscopic grading of acute salpingitis.
A randomized trial of ofloxacin versus cefoxitin and doxycycline in the outpatient treatment of acute salpingitis.
Anterior sternal retraction for reoperative median sternotomy.
Use of purified streptokinase in empyema and hemothorax.
Early experience with mitral valve reconstruction for mitral insufficiency.
Efficient management of adrenal tumors.
Wound complications after modified radical mastectomy compared with tylectomy with axillary lymph node dissection.
Surgical versus percutaneous drainage of intra-abdominal abscesses.
Inguinal hernia repair in early infancy.
Invasive treatment of pancreatic fluid collections with surgical and nonsurgical methods.
Initial two-year results of the Oregon Liver Transplantation Program.
Variation in management based on type of choledochal cyst.
Lung function abnormalities at 6 months of age after neonatal intensive care.
Fibreoptic bronchoscopy without general anaesthetic.
Increasing incidence of hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
No effect of zidovudine on hepatitis B virus replication in homosexual men with symptomatic HIV-1 infection.
Delayed recovery of muscle pH after short duration, high intensity exercise in malignant hyperthermia susceptible subjects
Effect of inspired oxygen concentration on the incidence of desaturation in patients undergoing total hip replacement.
Heart rate response to an i.v. test dose of adrenaline and lignocaine with and without atropine pretreatment.
Ryanodine contracture: a potentially specific in vitro diagnostic test for malignant hyperthermia.
Sensitivity, specificity and predictive value of the sensation of warmth as a method of detecting inadvertent subarachnoid injection of local anaesthetic when performing extradural blocks.
A multi-centre collaborative study into the treatment of menorrhagia by Nd-YAG laser ablation of the endometrium.
Obstetric accidents: the patient's perspective.
Outcome in children who nearly drown: a British Isles study
Prognostic factors in the conservative treatment of ureteric stones.
Management of acute retention of urine: a reappraisal.
Optical urethrotomy under local urethral anaesthesia.
Effect of clean intermittent catheterisation on radiological appearance of the upper urinary tract in children with myelomeningocele.
Pedicle patch urethroplasty.
One-stage hypospadias repair: experience of 367 cases.
Spontaneous abdominal arteriovenous fistulae: report of eight cases and review of the literature.
Peritoneal adhesion formation after lysis: inhibition by polyethylene glycol 4000.
Prevention of anastomosis leakage: an artificial connective tissue.
Comparison between anal endosonography and digital examination in the evaluation of anal fistulae.
Endoscopic balloon dilatation as a therapeutic option in the management of intestinal strictures resulting from Crohn's disease.
Blood transfusion and recurrent Crohn's disease.
Management of bleeding liver tumours in Hong Kong.
Prevention of postoperative renal dysfunction in patients with obstructive jaundice: a multicentre study of bile salts and lactulose.
Long-term results of choledochoduodenostomy in the treatment of choledocholithiasis: assessment of 225 cases.
Endoscopic sphincterotomy: the whole truth.
Adrenaline injection for endoscopic haemostasis in non-variceal upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage.
Necrotizing fasciitis: 10 years' experience in a district general hospital.
Mastoid misery: quantifying the distress in a radical cavity.
Adult tonsillectomy.
Subglottic laryngeal closure for aspiration.
Mastoid surgery in childhood.
A new approach to the management of acute epistaxis.
Influence of the plasma protein concentration on renal function.
Skeletal muscle degradation and nitrogen wasting in rats with chronic metabolic acidosis.
Effect of cisapride on chronic idiopathic constipation in children.
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding following open heart surgery. Predominant finding of aggressive duodenal ulcer disease.
Mucinous pancreatic tumors: ERCP findings
Does the addition of methylene blue to the sclerosant improve the accuracy of injections during variceal sclerotherapy?
Endoscopic injection sclerotherapy versus conservative treatment for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma and bleeding esophageal varices.
Comparison of polyamide and polypropylene membranes for plasma separation.
Effect of aluminized covers on body temperature in patients having abdominal surgery.
Blood antibodies and uncrossmatched type O blood.
Force-velocity and 30-s Wingate tests in boys at high and low altitudes.
Washed human platelets prevent ischemia-reperfusion edema in isolated rabbit lungs.
Effect of hemoglobin concentration on maximal O2 uptake in canine gastrocnemius muscle in situ.
Oxygen transport during steady-state submaximal exercise in chronic hypoxia.
Ventilatory responses to hypoxia and hypercapnia in awake rats pretreated with capsaicin.
Control of local blood flow in pulmonary inflammation: role for neutrophils, PAF, and thromboxane.
Development of the pulmonary vasculature in newborn lambs: structure-function relationships.
Pulmonary vascular distensibility of arterial, middle, and venous regions in newborn lambs.
Thoracic traction on the trachea: mechanisms and magnitude.
Abdominal muscle activity during CO2 rebreathing in sleeping neonates.
Attenuation of IL-2-induced multisystem organ edema by phalloidin and antamanide.
Posterior cricoarytenoid activity in normal adults during involuntary and voluntary hyperventilation.
Comparison of muscle sympathetic responses to hemorrhage and lower body negative pressure in humans.
Embolic abscesses in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Borrelia burgdorferi-associated cutaneous B cell lymphoma: clinical and immunohistologic characterization of four cases.
Caseating cutaneous granulomas in a patient with X-linked infantile hypogammaglobulinemia.
Coronary hemodynamics and myocardial metabolism in patients with syndrome X: response to pacing stress
Global T wave inversion.
Effects of posture, Valsalva maneuver and respiration on atrial flutter rate: an effect mediated through cardiac volume.
Increase in atherosclerosis and adventitial mast cells in cocaine abusers: an alternative mechanism of cocaine-associated coronary vasospasm and thrombosis.
Indications for modification of coexisting dual atrioventricular node pathways in patients undergoing surgical ablation of accessory atrioventricular connections
Benefits of implantable defibrillators are overestimated by sudden death rates and better represented by the total arrhythmic death rate
Acute pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients awaiting heart transplantation.
A prospective evaluation of intracoronary ethanol ablation of the atrioventricular conduction system.
Intestinal lymphonodular hyperplasia of childhood: patterns of presentation.
Gastric cancer after gastric bypass for obesity. Case report.
Pathological features of Crohn's disease determining perforation.
Monthly pulses of vincristine and prednisone prevent bone marrow and testicular relapse in low-risk childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a report of the CCG-161 study by the Childrens Cancer Study Group.
The prognosis of Hodgkin's disease in older adults.
Somatosensory function following dorsal root entry zone lesions in patients with neurogenic pain or spasticity.
Fatal rupture of the intracranial carotid artery during transluminal angioplasty for vasospasm induced by subarachnoid hemorrhage. Case report.
Spontaneous carotid-cavernous fistulae in Ehlers-Danlos syndrome Type IV. Case report.
Magnetic resonance imaging of vertebrobasilar ectasia in tic convulsif. Case report.
Acute dependence on depressant drugs is determined by common genes in mice.
A 2-year experience with the Wolf piezoelectric lithotripter: impact of repeat treatment on results and complications.
Staging relationships and outcome in early stage testicular cancer: a report from the Testicular Cancer Intergroup Study.
A prospective comparison of thromboembolic stockings, external sequential pneumatic compression stockings and heparin sodium/dihydroergotamine mesylate for the prevention of thromboembolic complications in urological surgery.
Stress incontinence and cystoceles.
Pubovaginal fascial sling for the treatment of complicated stress urinary incontinence.
Nephrogenic rests in Wilms tumor patients with the Drash syndrome.
Angiographic management of retroperitoneal hemorrhage from renal angiomyolipoma in polycystic kidney disease.
Complications after intravesical instillation of bacillus Calmette-Guerin: rhabdomyolysis and metastatic infection.
Prostate-type gland in the epididymis.
Prostatic abscess due to histoplasma capsulatum in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Fibrin glue vasal anastomosis compared to conventional sutured vasovasostomy in the rat.
Incidence and characteristics of preventable iatrogenic cardiac arrests
Treatment of acute migraine with subcutaneous sumatriptan.
Mutations in the precore region of hepatitis B virus DNA in patients with fulminant and severe hepatitis
HBx gene of hepatitis B virus induces liver cancer in transgenic mice.
Survival of patients with well-differentiated astrocytomas diagnosed in the era of computed tomography.
Second operation after the failure of previous resection for epilepsy.
Intrathecal morphine for postoperative analgesia in children after selective dorsal root rhizotomy.
Management of intraoperative rupture of aneurysm without hypotension.
Delayed hearing loss after surgery for acoustic neurinomas: clinical and electrophysiological observations.
Progressive deterioration of auditory evoked potentials after excision of an acoustic neurinoma: case report.
Intracerebral hemorrhage after lumbar myelography with iohexol: report of a case and review of the literature.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma in a recurrent thoracic chordoma: case report and literature review.
Bilateral symmetrical striopallidodentate calcification associated with pseudohypoparathyroidism demonstrated in a patient with cerebellar astrocytoma.
Intracranial arteriovenous fistula manifesting as progressive neurological deterioration in an infant: case report.
Infected intracranial aneurysm in an infant: case report.
Intelligence at six years in relation to neonatal bilirubin levels: follow-up of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Clinical Trial of Phototherapy.
Sleep apnea in infants who succumb to the sudden infant death syndrome.
Children with chronic illness: family and parent demographic characteristics and psychosocial adjustment.
Fire hydrant play: injuries and their prevention.
Functional domains of the poliovirus receptor.
The rhombotin family of cysteine-rich LIM-domain oncogenes: distinct members are involved in T-cell translocations to human chromosomes 11p15 and 11p13.
Cleft palate fistulas: a multivariate statistical analysis of prevalence, etiology, and surgical management.
Free-tissue transfer in elderly patients.
Definitive diagnosis of breast implant rupture by ultrasonography.
Unresectable pancreatic cancer: what is the optimal procedure?
Drainage of a pancreatic pseudocyst: an unusual complication.
Persistent extrapyramidal syndrome with dystonia and rigidity caused by combined metoclopramide and prochlorperazine therapy.
Pancreatic-portal vein fistula with disseminated fat necrosis treated by pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Gastrocolic fistula with pyloric stenosis and benign gastric ulcer.
Chronic osteomyelitis due to Clostridium clostridiiforme.
Serum endorphin levels in injured children.
Intentional and unintentional ureteral surgical treatment in gynecologic procedures.
Bleeding after endoscopic sphincterotomy as an underestimated entity.
Poststenotic dilatation.
Twelve-lead electrocardiographic evaluation of ischemia during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and its correlation with acute reocclusion.
Prevention of restenosis by lovastatin after successful coronary angioplasty.
A prospective evaluation of the immediate reproducibility of the signal-averaged ECG.
Age-dependent increase in deleted mitochondrial DNA in the human heart: possible contributory factor to presbycardia.
Late complications involving the ascending aorta after cardiac surgery: recognition and management.
Hemodynamic and clinical benefits with intravenous milrinone in severe chronic heart failure: results of a multicenter study in the United States.
Effects of variable dose milrinone in patients with low cardiac output after cardiac surgery. European Multicenter Trial Group.
Prognostic importance of collateral flow and residual coronary stenosis of the myocardial infarct artery after anterior wall Q-wave acute myocardial infarction.
Role of sinus node artery disease in sick sinus syndrome in inferior wall acute myocardial infarction.
Reactivity of proximal and distal angiographically normal and stenotic coronary segments in chronic stable angina pectoris.
Assessment of severity of coronary narrowings by quantitative exercise echocardiography and comparison with quantitative arteriography.
Exercise echocardiography as a screening test for coronary artery disease and correlation with coronary arteriography.
Quantification of ST-segment changes during coronary angioplasty in patients with left bundle branch block.
Composition of atherosclerotic plaques in coronary arteries in women less than 40 years of age with fatal coronary artery disease and implications for plaque reversibility.
Composition of atherosclerotic plaques in the four major epicardial coronary arteries in patients greater than or equal to 90 years of age.
Comparison of accuracy of transesophageal versus transthoracic echocardiography for the detection of mitral valve prolapse with ruptured chordae tendineae (flail mitral leaflet).
Aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis in persons aged 80 years and over.
Value and limitations of color Doppler echocardiography in the evaluation of percutaneous balloon mitral valvuloplasty for isolated mitral stenosis.
Impact of intraoperative echocardiography on surgical management of congenital heart disease.
Twin pregnancy: the impact of the Higgins Nutrition Intervention Program on maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Relative effects of diarrhea, fever, and dietary energy intake on weight gain in rural Bangladeshi children.
Segregation analysis reveals evidence of a major gene for Alzheimer disease.
Possible linkage of the estrogen receptor gene to breast cancer in a family with late-onset disease.
Uniparental heterodisomy for chromosome 14 in a phenotypically abnormal familial balanced 13/14 Robertsonian translocation carrier.
Localization of the translocation breakpoint in a female with Menkes syndrome to Xq13.2-q13.3 proximal to PGK-1.
A single base mutation in type I procollagen (COL1A1) that converts glycine alpha 1-541 to aspartate in a lethal variant of osteogenesis imperfecta: detection of the mutation with a carbodiimide reaction of DNA heteroduplexes and direct sequencing of products of the PCR.
Bleeding patterns during continuous combined estrogen-progestogen therapy.
Management of radionecrosis of the vulva and distal vagina.
In utero diagnosis and management of fetal subdural hematoma.
Electronic fetal heart monitoring, auscultation, and neonatal outcome.
The clinical utility of maternal body mass index in pregnancy.
Stressful life events and symptom onset in HIV infection.
Solvent-associated olfactory dysfunction: not a predictor of deficits in learning and memory.
Long-term benzodiazepine users 3 years after participation in a discontinuation program.
Bone mineral density and anorexia nervosa in women.
Conditions not attributable to a mental disorder: an epidemiological study of family problems.
Femoro-femoral or ilio-femoral bypass for unilateral inflow reconstruction?
Factors influencing postoperative urinary retention in patients undergoing elective inguinal herniorrhaphy.
Postoperative external alimentary tract fistulas.
Role of radiation after operative palliation in cancer of the proximal bile ducts.
Salvage of thrombosed forearm polytetrafluoroethylene vascular access grafts by reversal of flow direction and venous bypass grafting.
Prophylaxis against venous thromboembolism in surgical patients.
An overview of venous thromboembolism prophylaxis.
Monitoring of irrigating fluid absorption during transurethral prostatectomy. A study in anaesthetised patients using a 1% ethanol tag solution.
Topical amethocaine in strabismus surgery.
Caesarean section in undiagnosed Eisenmenger's syndrome. Report of a patient with a fatal outcome.
Hypermetabolism in arthrogryposis multiplex congenita.
Chickenpox pneumonia, its complications and management. A report of three cases, including the use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Paediatric blood pressure and anaesthesia.
Wound infiltration of local anaesthetic after lower segment caesarean section.
Prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting using ondansetron, a new, selective, 5-HT3 receptor antagonist.
Feasibility of epidural morphine for postoperative analgesia in a small community hospital.
Evaluation of the effect of perineuronal morphine on the quality of postoperative analgesia after axillary plexus block: a randomized double-blind study.
The acute and chronic effects of G-lasing on femoral vein grafts in dogs.
Ultrastructural heterogeneity of epithelioid cells in cutaneous organized granulomas of diverse etiology
Treatment of 813 zygoma-lateral orbital complex fractures. New aspects.
Quantitative bone and 67Ga scintigraphy in the differentiation of necrotizing external otitis from severe external otitis.
Inner ear damage secondary to diabetes mellitus. I. Changes in adolescent SHR/N-cp rats.
Surgical management of perilymph fistulas. A new technique.
The effect of steroid therapy on recovery from tonsillectomy in children.
Fine-needle aspiration in recurrent tonsillitis.
Doppler estimation of changes in pulmonary artery pressure during hypoxic breathing.
Cor triatriatum with isolated pulmonary venous stenosis in an adult: diagnosis with transesophageal two-dimensional echocardiography.
Superior vena caval thrombosis detected by transesophageal echocardiography.
Chronic anterior uveitis in leprosy: an insidious cause of blindness.
Extracapsular cataract extraction with posterior chamber lens implantation in Fuch's heterochromic cyclitis.
Ablepharon macrostomia syndrome.
Potential availability of cadaver organs for transplantation
Magnetic resonance imaging of spinal trauma.
The incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting in women undergoing laparoscopy is influenced by the day of menstrual cycle.
Continuous spinal anaesthesia for abdominal surgery in a patient receiving amiodarone.
Perioperative stroke. Part I: General surgery, carotid artery disease, and carotid endarterectomy.
Relationships between block-of-twitch and train-of-four fade in the mouse phrenic nerve-diaphragm preparation.
Cardiomyopathy of the aging human heart. Myocyte loss and reactive cellular hypertrophy.
Left ventricular myocardial edema. Lymph flow, interstitial fibrosis, and cardiac function.
Prolongation of repolarization time by electric field stimulation with monophasic and biphasic shocks in open-chest dogs.
Intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation support in the high-risk cardiac patient undergoing urgent noncardiac surgery.
Treatment of snoring and obstructive sleep apnea with a dental orthosis.
Obstructive sleep apnea complicating negative-pressure ventilatory support in patients with chronic paralytic/restrictive ventilatory dysfunction.
Alveolitis correlates with clinical pulmonary involvement in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Delayed time to peak serum myoglobin level as an indicator of cardiac dysfunction following open heart surgery.
Postpericardiotomy and postmyocardial infarction syndrome presenting as noncardiac pulmonary edema.
The arrhythmogenicity of theophylline. A multivariate analysis of clinical determinants.
The effect of prostaglandin E1 on acute pulmonary artery hypertension during oleic acid-induced respiratory dysfunction.
Asthma deaths.
Elevated serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha after bronchoscopy and bronchoalveolar lavage.
Late recurrent Candida endocarditis.
Chylothorax after childbirth.
Correlation of nuclear morphometry and DNA ploidy in rectal cancer.
Sucralfate retention enemas in solitary rectal ulcer.
An animal model for colon cancer metastatic cell line with enhanced metastasizing ability. Establishment and characterization.
Results of the pelvic-pouch procedure in patients with Crohn's disease.
The double-stapled ileal reservoir and ileoanal anastomosis. A prospective review of sphincter function and clinical outcome.
Toxic shock syndrome after pilonidal cystectomy. Report of a case.
Luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone alters the hypothalamic effects of morphine in the rat.
Alpha 2-macroglobulin is not an acute-phase protein in the rat testis.
Evidence for a specific role of vasopressin in sustaining pituitary-adrenocortical stress response in the rat.
Resectoscopic myomectomy.
Polycystic ovarian disease: contribution of vaginal endosonography and reassessment of ultrasonic diagnosis.
Predictors of clinical response in hirsute women treated with spironolactone.
Physical and emotional stress associated with components of the infertility investigation: perspectives of professionals and patients.
Adhesion formation after ovarian electrocauterization on patients with polycystic ovarian syndrome.
Intraperitoneal thrombolytic agents in relapsing or persistent peritonitis of patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Recurrent focal segmental glomerulosclerosis after renal transplantation.
The frequency and significance of ECG changes after transurethral prostate resection.
Mania in the elderly: a 5-7 year follow-up.
The incidence of attempted CPR in nursing homes.
Chronic Cryptosporidium parvum infections in congenitally immunodeficient SCID and nude mice.
Influence of human immunodeficiency virus infection on cell-mediated immunity in chronic D hepatitis.
Factors relevant to preventing embolic stroke in patients with non-rheumatic atrial fibrillation.
Major vascular complications of orthognathic surgery: false aneurysms and arteriovenous fistulas following orthognathic surgery.
Diagnostic accuracy of temporomandibular joint lower-compartment arthroscopy using an ultrathin arthroscope: a postmortem study.
Lack of diameter effect on short-term patency of size-matched Dacron aortobifemoral grafts.
Evolving experience with thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair at a single institution.
Angioscopically directed valvulotomy: a new valvulotome and technique.
Persistent platelet activation by passivated grafts.
Evaluation of the extracranial carotid arteries: correlation of magnetic resonance angiography, duplex ultrasonography, and conventional angiography.
Selection of the approach to the distal internal carotid artery from the second cervical vertebra to the base of the skull.
Iron chelation therapy and lung transplantation. Effects of deferoxamine on lung preservation in canine single lung transplantation.
Warm ischemia induces alteration in lung immune cell functions.
The prevalence and management of bronchial anastomotic complications in lung transplantation.
Impact of resident training on postoperative morbidity in patients undergoing single valve replacement. Department of Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study on Valvular Heart Disease.
Reduction of myocardial infarction after emergency coronary artery bypass grafting for failed coronary angioplasty with use of a normothermic reperfusion cardioplegia protocol.
Repair of aortic coarctation in infants.
Distribution of thymic tissue in the mediastinal adipose tissue.
Effect of intraoperative aprotinin administration on postoperative bleeding in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass operation.
Operations for Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Recognition of human 60 kD heat shock protein by mononuclear cells from patients with juvenile chronic arthritis.
Efficacy of quinine for falciparum malaria according to previous chloroquine exposure.
Prophylactic sclerotherapy for esophageal varices in men with alcoholic liver disease. A randomized, single-blind, multicenter clinical trial. The Veterans Affairs Cooperative Variceal Sclerotherapy Group.
Subconjunctival 5-fluorouracil and herpes simplex keratitis.
A new look at postoperative instructions following cataract extraction.
Combined vitrectomy, cataract extraction, and posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation in diabetic patients.
The use of releasable sutures in Molteno glaucoma implant procedures to reduce postoperative hypotony.
Excision of limbal dermoids.
Adrenal suppression and growth retardation after injection of periocular capillary hemangioma with corticosteroids.
Surgical treatment for a case of postoperative Pseudallescheria boydii endophthalmitis.
The contributions of interpersonal conflict to chronic pain in the presence or absence of organic pathology.
Neglected topics in the treatment of chronic pain patients--relapse, noncompliance, and adherence enhancement.
A comparison of two-point discrimination threshold of tactual, non-painful stimuli between chronic low back pain patients and controls.
Depression in spouses of chronic pain patients: the role of patient pain and anger, and marital satisfaction.
Ophthalmoplegia with headache. Be aware of diabetes.
Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia of superior vena cava: a rare cause of the superior vena cava syndrome.
Advances in the understanding and treatment of urinary tract infections in young women.
Testicular injuries.
Endourology of lower urinary tract.
Eosinophilic cystitis in children.
Granulomatous renal mass during endovesical BCG therapy for bladder carcinoma. Diagnosis by fine-needle aspiration.
Clinical study of infertile males with varicocele showing no typical radionuclide blood pooling on dynamic image of scrotal scintigraphy.
Possible metastatic routes via portacaval shunts in renal adenocarcinoma with liver metastasis.
Identification of colon cancer-predisposed individuals: a cytogenetic analysis.
Positive role of Clostridium difficile infection in diarrhea in infants and children.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy: results of an early experience.
Evidence for alpha 1-adrenoreceptor hyperresponsiveness in hypotensive cirrhotic patients with ascites.
Effect of Helicobacter pylori infection on the severity of gastroduodenal mucosal injury after the acute administration of naproxen or aspirin to normal volunteers.
Medication-induced esophageal injury: report of 17 cases with endoscopic documentation.
Acute pancreatitis and systemic lupus erythematosus: necropsy of a case and review of the pancreatic vascular lesions.
Gastric antral vascular ectasia associated with gastric carcinoma.
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding due to superior mesenteric artery to duodenum fistula: rare complication of metastatic lung carcinoma.
Intrahepatic spontaneous arterioportal fistula: duplex ultrasound diagnosis and angiographic treatment.
Diagnostic value of Lipiodol injection in focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver.
Left ventricular hypertrophy: impact of calcium channel blocker therapy.
Verapamil and migraine prophylaxis: mechanisms and efficacy.
Medical problems of homeless and nonhomeless persons attending an inner-city clinic: a comparative study.
Metastatic basal cell carcinoma: report of a case presenting with respiratory failure.
Moricizine: a new agent for the treatment of ventricular arrhythmias.
Genital chlamydial infections: epidemiology and reproductive sequelae.
New treatments for Chlamydia trachomatis.
Acute multifocal inner retinitis.
Conjunctival necrosis after administration of topical fortified aminoglycosides.
The Carney complex with ocular signs suggestive of cardiac myxoma.
Comparative reflex response times of vastus medialis obliquus and vastus lateralis in normal subjects and subjects with extensor mechanism dysfunction. An electromyographic study.
The long-term course after treatment of acute anterior cruciate ligament ruptures. A 9 to 16 year followup.
Capillary refill--is it a useful predictor of hypovolemic states?
Cocaine-associated chest pain.
Appendicitis. Improvements in diagnosis and treatment.
Selective microscopic examination of gallbladders, hernia sacs, and appendices.
Colonic volvulus. The Army Medical Center experience 1983-1987.
Acute appendicitis. A 5-year review.
Elective cholecystectomy and carcinoma of the gallbladder.
Adnexal torsion. An unusual cause of abdominal pain in postmenopausal women.
Gastrointestinal endoscopy and general surgical practice. Surgical endoscopy versus surgeon endoscopists.
Chronic reversal of hemifield loss after intraocular pressure lowering in advanced glaucoma.
Acute dacryocystic retention cured by inferior turbinate infracturing.
Ofloxacin versus parenteral therapy for chronic osteomyelitis.
Changes in body composition and energy expenditure after six weeks' growth hormone treatment.
Computed tomography of the brain in kwashiorkor: a follow up study.
How mothers keep their babies warm.
Septicaemia and adrenal haemorrhage in congenital asplenia.
Malignant osteopetrosis: hypercalcaemia after bone marrow transplantation.
Genetic aspects of admissions to a paediatric intensive care unit.
Pelvic fracture from major blunt trauma. Outcome is determined by associated injuries.
A circulating factor(s) mediates cell depolarization in hemorrhagic shock.
Nonpalpable invasive breast cancer.
Stapled ileoanal anastomosis for ulcerative colitis and familial polyposis without a temporary diverting ileostomy.
Choledochoduodenostomy. Analysis of 71 cases followed for 5 to 15 years.
Mitral valve replacement in idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome.
New technique of esophageal exclusion for chronic esophageal perforation.
Supravalvar aortic stenosis: a 29-year review of surgical experience
Hemi-Fontan operation in surgery for single ventricle: a preliminary report
Reducing postischemic paraplegia using conjugated superoxide dismutase.
Mitral valve replacement combined with coronary artery operation: determinants of early and late results.
Evaluation of neck lymph node dissection for thoracic esophageal carcinoma
Aprotinin reduces intraoperative and postoperative blood loss in membrane oxygenator cardiopulmonary bypass.
Brain protection during circulatory arrest.
Rib fractures complicating median sternotomy.
Spinal cord protection during aortic occlusion: efficacy of intrathecal tetracaine.
Hypertrophy of nodules of Arantius and aortic insufficiency: pathophysiology and repair.
Neodymium:yttrium-aluminum garnet laser-assisted pulmonary resections.
Current surgical technique to repair Fallot's tetralogy with absent pulmonary valve syndrome.
Morbidity and mortality after coronary artery bypass in octogenarians.
Heterotopic heart transplantation and native heart ventricular arrhythmias.
New technique for pacemaker implantation in the upper chest of children and women.
Carcinoma (malignant mixed mullerian [mesodermal] tumor) of the uterus and ovary. Correlation of clinical, pathologic, and immunohistochemical features in 29 cases.
Intracranial metastases from malignant pleural mesothelioma. Report of three autopsy cases and review of the literature.
Clues and pitfalls in stereotactic biopsy of the central nervous system.
Erdheim-Chester disease. Case report with autopsy findings.
Donor limb vascular events following femoro-femoral bypass surgery. A Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study.
An extensive experience with postoperative pain relief using postoperative fentanyl infusion.
Monitoring functional patency of percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
Primary resection and anastomosis in obstructed descending colon due to cancer.
High rate of portal thrombosis after splenectomy in patients with esophageal varices and idiopathic portal hypertension.
Timing of invasive procedures in therapy for primary and secondary spontaneous pneumothorax.
Liver viability after ischemia-reperfusion.
Recurrent spontaneous intrahepatic hemorrhage from peliosis hepatis.
Angelchik prosthesis complicates treatment of adenocarcinoma in Barrett's esophagus.
Myointimal hyperplasia as a result of balloon-catheter thromboembolectomy.
Vegetative state after closed-head injury. A Traumatic Coma Data Bank Report.
The influence of gender on the susceptibility to multiple sclerosis in sibships.
A 'stress' test for memory dysfunction. Electrophysiologic manifestations of early Alzheimer's disease.
Retrospective postmortem dementia assessment. Validation of a new clinical interview to assist neuropathologic study.
Opercular cheiro-oral syndrome.
Non-invasive assessment of perioperative myocardial cell damage by circulating cardiac troponin T.
In vitro balloon dilatation of mitral valve stenosis: the importance of subvalvar involvement as a cause of mitral valve insufficiency.
Phrenic nerve injury in infants and children undergoing cardiac surgery.
Salmonella: a rare cause of subacute effusive-constrictive pericarditis.
Chronic urticaria and cancer: an epidemiological study of 1155 patients.
Acute infectious erythemas in children: a clinico-microbiological study.
A case of candidal umbilical granuloma.
Multiple keratoacanthomas: a case report with evidence of regression with thymic hormone.
Is erythrokeratoderma one disorder? A clinical and ultrastructural study of two siblings.
High-dose cyclophosphamide, carmustine, and etoposide followed by autologous peripheral stem cell transplantation for patients with relapsed Hodgkin's disease.
Identification of alloimmunized patients: use of radiolabeled allogeneic platelet kinetic measurements and platelet antibody tests.
Anti-MY9-blocked-ricin: an immunotoxin for selective targeting of acute myeloid leukemia cells.
Abnormal methylation of the calcitonin gene marks progression of chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Acceleration of chronic myeloid leukemia correlates with calcitonin gene hypermethylation.
Correlation between molecular and clinical events in the evolution of chronic myelocytic leukemia to blast crisis.
Direct correlation of cytogenetic findings with cell morphology using in situ hybridization: an analysis of suspicious cells in bone marrow specimens of two patients completing therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Sequence variations in the 5' flanking and IVS-II regions of the G gamma- and A gamma-globin genes of beta S chromosomes with five different haplotypes.
Urinary retention after pyeloplasty.
Fractures of the penis: therapeutic approach and long-term results.
Histological grading of squamous cell carcinoma of the penis: a new scoring system.
Primary vesicoureteric reflux: treatment with subureteric injection of Polytef paste.
Catheter-less suprapubic cystolithotomy in children.
Pathological hypertrophy and cardiac interstitium. Fibrosis and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system.
Pathogenesis of edema in constrictive pericarditis. Studies of body water and sodium, renal function, hemodynamics, and plasma hormones before and after pericardiectomy.
QTc prolongation measured by standard 12-lead electrocardiography is an independent risk factor for sudden death due to cardiac arrest.
Use of endovascular stents in congenital heart disease.
Left ventricular diastolic collapse. An echocardiographic sign of regional cardiac tamponade.
Inhaled nitric oxide. A selective pulmonary vasodilator reversing hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction.
Characterization of refractory period extension by transcardiac shock.
Electrophysiological effects of left ventricular hypertrophy. Effect of calcium and potassium channel blockade.
Abnormal automatic rhythms in ischemic Purkinje fibers are modulated by a specific alpha 1-adrenergic receptor subtype.
Current role of catheter ablative procedures in patients with cardiac arrhythmias. A report for health professionals from the Subcommittee on Electrocardiography and Electrophysiology, American Heart Association.
Importance of experimental models for the development of clinical trials on thromboatherosclerosis.
Animal models for arterial thrombolysis and prevention of reocclusion. Erythrocyte-rich versus platelet-rich thrombus.
An in vivo model of experimental arterial stenosis, intimal damage, and periodic thrombosis.
Experimental arterial thrombosis in nonhuman primates.
Systemic contact dermatitis from pseudoephedrine.
HLA-DQA1 and -DQB1 alleles associated with genetic susceptibility to IDDM in a black population.
Particular HLA-DQ alpha beta heterodimer associated with IDDM susceptibility in both DR4-DQw4 Japanese and DR4-DQw8/DRw8-DQw4 whites.
HLA association with dermatitis herpetiformis is accounted for by a cis or transassociated DQ heterodimer.
Factors influencing postoperative recurrence of Crohn's disease in childhood.
How prevalent is cancer family syndrome?
Focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver: results of treatment and options in management.
Persistence of symptoms after gall bladder clearance with cholecystolithotripsy.
Staphylococcus epidermidis induces complement activation, tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-1, a shock-like state and tissue injury in rabbits without endotoxemia. Comparison to Escherichia coli.
Interaction of baroreceptor and chemoreceptor reflex control of sympathetic nerve activity in normal humans.
Rearrangements of the tal-1 locus as clonal markers for T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Leukotrienes as mediators in ischemia-reperfusion injury in a microcirculation model in the hamster.
The proximal element of the beta globin locus control region is not functionally required in vivo.
The depth of thermal necrosis using the CO2 laser: a comparison of the superpulsed mode and conventional mode.
Serum antibodies against respiratory tract viruses in episodes of acute otitis media.
Management of childhood cholesteatoma.
Primary surgical treatment for carcinoma of the larynx: influence of the local invasion.
Prospective study of the complications of endoscopic laryngeal surgery.
Hazardous party trick (infolding of the pinna).
Synchronous primary mucosal melanoma and mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the maxillary antrum.
Life-threatening cervico-mediastinal haematoma after carotid sinus massage.
Rare presentation of a parapharyngeal schwannoma.
The incidence of recurrence and hypothyroidism following treatment with antithyroid drugs, surgery or radioiodine in all patients with thyrotoxicosis in Malmo during the period 1970-1974.
The value of MCA, CA 15-3, CEA and CA-125 for discrimination between metastatic breast cancer and adenocarcinoma of other primary sites.
Cholestatic liver reaction during heparin therapy.
Autoimmune enteropathy and nephropathy with circulating anti-epithelial cell antibodies.
Otolaryngologic aspects of Lyme disease.
Chronic cough in infants and children: an update.
Turbinate hypertrophy in habitual snorers and patients with obstructive sleep apnea: findings of acoustic rhinometry.
Necrotizing soft-tissue infections in the head and neck: a clinicopathological study.
Double-blind controlled study of botulinum toxin in adductor spasmodic dysphonia.
Transient retrocochlear low-frequency sensorineural hearing loss: a new clinical entity.
The measurement and manipulation of intralabyrinthine pressure in experimental endolymphatic hydrops.
Closure of tracheocutaneous fistula with perichondrial flap following cricothyroidotomy.
Primary mandibular reconstruction: analysis of 64 cases and evaluation of interface radiation dosimetry on bridging plates.
Acute and chronic poisoning from residential exposures to elemental mercury--Michigan, 1989-1990.
AAEM case report #21: hemifacial spasm: preoperative diagnosis and intraoperative management.
Steroid-responsive tubular aggregate myopathy.
Quantitation of axon loss and conduction block in peroneal nerve palsies.
Sudden death in infants sleeping on polystyrene-filled cushions.
Slow toxins, biologic markers, and long-latency neurodegenerative disease in the western Pacific region.
Is there a premorbid personality typical for Parkinson's disease?
Genetic susceptibility to Parkinson's disease.
Scrub and murine typhus in children with obscure fever in the tropics.
Risk factors for candidemia in patients with acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Significance of elevated levels of serum creatine phosphokinase in febrile diseases: a prospective study.
Echinococcosis (Hydatid disease): lessons from experience with 59 patients.
Tuberculosis cutis miliaris disseminata as a manifestation of miliary tuberculosis: literature review and report of a case of recurrent skin lesions.
Surgical intensive care unit resource use in a specialty referral hospital: I. Predictors of early death and cost implications.
Status of the valves in the superficial and deep venous system in chronic venous disease.
Cholecystectomy is safer without drainage: the results of a prospective, randomized clinical trial.
Portal venous barium intravasation complicating barium enema examination.
Novel approach to iatrogenic bile peritonitis.
Emergency management of the adult female rape victim.
Obesity: types and treatments.
Facial dystonia, essential blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm.
Gout and hyperuricemia.
Comparison of usefulness of high-dose dipyridamole echocardiography and exercise electrocardiography for detection of asymptomatic restenosis after coronary angioplasty.
Usefulness of ST-segment changes in greater than or equal to 2 leads on the emergency room electrocardiogram in either unstable angina pectoris or non-Q-wave myocardial infarction in predicting outcome.
Experience with a third-generation implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
Babesiosis. Diagnostic pitfalls.
Expansion of immature thymic precursor cells in peripheral blood after acute marrow suppression.
Argyrophilic nucleolar organizer regions and alpha-fetoprotein in adenomatous hyperplasia in human cirrhotic livers.
Chronic sialadenitis with psammoma bodies mimicking neoplasia in a fine-needle aspiration specimen from the submandibular gland.
Regulation of gene expression in renal compensatory growth.
Differences in "primary response" gene expression in renal compensatory hypertrophy and hyperplasia.
The renal growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor I axis.
Compensatory hypertrophy and adaptation in the cortical collecting duct.
Role of ammonia in the induction of renal hypertrophy.
Vasopressin-dependent kidney hypertrophy: role of urinary concentration in protein-induced hypertrophy and in the progression of chronic renal failure.
Evidence for a pathogenic linkage between glomerular hypertrophy and sclerosis.
The role of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-I in experimental renal growth and scarring.
Characterization of human renal fibroblasts in health and disease: I. Immunophenotyping of cultured tubular epithelial cells and fibroblasts derived from kidneys with histologically proven interstitial fibrosis.
Characterization of human renal fibroblasts in health and disease: II. In vitro growth, differentiation, and collagen synthesis of fibroblasts from kidneys with interstitial fibrosis.
Minimal change nephrotic syndrome in adults: response to corticosteroid therapy and frequency of relapse.
The adverse impact of cyclosporine on serum lipids in renal transplant recipients.
Remission of hepatitis B-associated membranous glomerulonephritis in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Disseminated histoplasmosis in a renal transplant patient: a cause of renal failure several years following transplantation.
Preventability of emergent hospital readmission
Chronic xerostomia increases esophageal acid exposure and is associated with esophageal injury.
Comparison of efficacy of automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator in patients older and younger than 65 years of age.
Bradycardic responses to vagally mediated bedside maneuvers in healthy volunteers.
The first epidemic of dengue hemorrhagic fever in the People's Republic of China.
Efficacy and toxicity of pentostam against Panamanian mucosal leishmaniasis.
Anemia and postoperative apnea in former preterm infants.
Midazolam improves electrophysiologic recovery after anoxia and reduces the changes in ATP levels and calcium influx during anoxia in the rat hippocampal slice.
Magnesium inhibits the hypertensive but not the cardiotonic actions of low-dose epinephrine.
Hemodynamic consequences of desmopressin administration after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Transient myocardial ischemia during Holter registration before and after coronary angioplasty.
Treatment of hypertensive urgencies with oral nifedipine, nicardipine, and captopril.
Cervical bruits: clinical correlates of stenosis.
Parent-child concordance in multiple sclerosis.
Peripheral neuropathy after chronic endoneurial ischemia.
A genetic study of idiopathic focal dystonias.
Correction of non-24-hour sleep/wake cycle by melatonin in a blind retarded boy.
Long-term visual function in acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy.
Echographic diagnosis of anterior hyaloidal fibrovascular proliferation.
Orbital and eyelid involvement with Erdheim-Chester disease. A report of two cases.
Transcutaneous oxygen tensions in assessing the treatment of healed venous ulcers
From tissue angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition to antihypertensive effect.
Causes of blindness and visual handicap in the Central African Republic.
Conjunctival cysts in anophthalmic orbits.
Case of penetrating orbitocranial injury caused by wood.
Induction of the paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria phenotype in normal human erythrocytes: effects of 2-aminoethylisothiouronium bromide on membrane proteins that regulate complement.
Prevalence of asthma in Melbourne schoolchildren: changes over 26 years.
Aluminium sulphate in water in north Cornwall and outcome of pregnancy.
Patterns of blood-brain barrier breakdown in inflammatory demyelination.
Cerebral akinetopsia (visual motion blindness). A review.
The neurology of endemic cretinism. A study of two endemias.
Double dissociation of short-term and long-term memory for nonverbal material in Parkinson's disease and global amnesia. A further analysis.
Age of onset in siblings concordant for multiple sclerosis.
CNS pathology in the neurological mutant rats zitter, tremor and zitter-tremor double mutant (spontaneously epileptic rat, SER). Exaggeration of clinical and neuropathological phenotypes in SER.
Interference between gastroesophageal reflux and sleep in near miss SIDS.
Gastroesophageal reflux and upper airway diseases.
Intensive combination chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow transplantation leads to the reappearance of Philadelphia chromosome-negative cells in chronic myelogenous leukemia.
DNA ploidy and prostate-specific antigen as prognostic factors in clinically resectable prostate cancer.
Immunohistochemical study of thyroid peroxidase in normal, hyperplastic, and neoplastic human thyroid tissues.
Hepatoid adenocarcinoma of the renal pelvis producing alpha-fetoprotein of hepatic type and bile pigment.
Determination of growth fraction in advanced prostate cancer by Ki-67 immunostaining and its relationship to the time to tumor progression after hormonal therapy.
Intratumoral cytogenetic heterogeneity in a benign neoplasm.
The efficacy of fiberoptic endoscopic examination and biopsy in the detection of early nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Clinical and flow cytometry characteristics of malignant pleural effusions in patients after intracavitary administration of methylprednisolone acetate.
Correlation of clinical and histopathologic features in clinically atypical melanocytic nevi.
Coronary risk factors and the postbypass patient.
Evaluation of the patient with stable angina following coronary artery bypass surgery.
Cerebrovascular disease in hypertensive blacks.
The results of surgical repair of acute tears of the posterior cruciate ligament.
The survival of total knee arthroplasty in patients with osteonecrosis of the medial condyle.
Histologic and ultrastructural findings of tissue ingrowth. The Leeds-Keio prosthetic anterior cruciate ligament.
Porous-coated anatomic total knee arthroplasty. A prospective analysis comparing cemented and cementless fixation.
Residual functional deficit after partial fibulectomy for bone graft.
Absence of the medial malleolus. A case report with a 20-year follow-up study.
The effect of quadriceps excision on functional results after distal femoral resection and prosthetic replacement of bone tumors.
Compartment syndrome of the thigh with osteogenesis imperfecta. A case report.
Peroneal nerve repair. Surgical results.
The influence of smoking on complications after primary amputations of the lower extremity.
Resection of malignant bone tumors about the shoulder. A preliminary report of reconstruction with a new modular spacer.
The antishock pelvic clamp.
A prosthesis augmentation device for the prevention of recurrent hip dislocation. A preliminary report.
Esophagocutaneous fistula after anterior cervical spine surgery and successful treatment using a sternocleidomastoid muscle flap. A case report.
Insulin resistance. A multifaceted syndrome responsible for NIDDM, obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Electroencephalographic study of rat hyperthermic seizures.
Nonepileptic events in childhood.
Fever: knowledge, perception and attitudes. Results from a Norwegian population study.
Prevalence and severity of morbidity among Gujarati Asian elders: a controlled comparison.
Effect of enteric pacing on intestinal motility and hormone secretion in dogs with short bowel.
Scintigraphic measurement of regional gut transit in idiopathic constipation.
Basophil-bound and serum immunoglobulin E directed against Helicobacter pylori in patients with chronic gastritis.
Distribution of the VLA family of integrins in normal and pathological human liver tissue.
Development of sustained achlorhydria in a patient with the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome treated with omeprazole.
Sensitivity of the gastric mucosa to acid and duodenal contents in patients with nonulcer dyspepsia.
Proliferation of endocrine cells in the rat stomach caused by drug-induced achlorhydria.
A novel enzyme immunoassay for serodiagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Contribution of regional vascular responses to whole body autoregulation in conscious areflexic rats.
Renin promoter SV40 T-antigen transgenic mouse. A model of primary renal vascular hyperplasia.
Regulation of cerebral blood vessels by humoral and endothelium-dependent mechanisms. Update on humoral regulation of vascular tone.
Clinical effect of continuous gastric cooling for massive GI bleeding in uremia.
Cavitation potential of mechanical heart valve prostheses.
Slipped capital femoral epiphysis. A quantitative analysis of motion, gait, and femoral remodeling after in situ fixation.
Long-term follow-up of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Combined split anterior tibial-tendon transfer and intramuscular lengthening of the posterior tibial tendon. Results in patients who have a varus deformity of the foot due to spastic cerebral palsy.
Total knee arthroplasty for osteoarthrosis in patients who have Paget disease of bone at the knee.
The orthostatic tachycardia syndrome: evaluation of autonomic function and treatment with octreotide and ergot alkaloids.
The endocrine effects of long-term treatment with mifepristone (RU 486).
Quantitative comparison of aromatase induction by dexamethasone in fibroblasts from a patient with familial cortisol resistance and a patient with cortisol hyperreactive syndrome.
Seminal polyamines as agents of cervical carcinoma: production of aneuploidy in squamous epithelium.
Future applications of electronic thermography.
Myospherulosis. Complicating wound healing.
Diagnosing and managing oral lichen planus.
Facilitated referral to asthma specialist reduces relapses in asthma emergency room visits.
Microscopic hematuria and calculus-related ureteral obstruction.
Beriberi heart disease in a schizophrenic with an unusual diet.
A simple sore throat? Retropharyngeal emphysema secondary to free-basing cocaine.
Traumatic rupture of the stomach after Heimlich maneuver.
Cardiopulmonary arrest following an infusion of calcium 2-amino ethanol phosphate.
Acute cor pulmonale secondary to metastatic tumor to the heart: a case report and literature review.
Cough-variant asthma in children and adults: case reports and review.
Reduction of rattlesnake-venom-induced myonecrosis in mice by hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Mediators, initiating the inflammatory response, released in organ culture by full-thickness human skin explants exposed to the irritant, sulfur mustard.
DNA damage in cultured human skin fibroblasts exposed to excimer laser radiation.
Antigen-presenting cells in essential fatty acid-deficient murine epidermis: keratinocytes bearing class II (Ia) antigens may potentiate the accessory cell function of Langerhans cells.
Lower respiratory tract iron burden is increased in association with cigarette smoking.
On lowering lipids in the post-infarction patient.
Thrombocytosis in adults: analysis of 777 patients.
Long-term diet modification and platelet activity.
Clinical experience with oral sumatriptan: a placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study. Oral Sumatriptan Dose-defining Study Group.
A prospective evaluation of hepatic resection for colorectal carcinoma metastases to the liver: Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group Protocol 6584.
Corynebacterium parvum versus bacille Calmette-Guerin adjuvant immunotherapy of stage II malignant melanoma.
Multimodal therapy for the management of localized Ewing's sarcoma of pelvic and sacral bones: a report from the second intergroup study.
Evaluation of three oral dosages of ondansetron in the prevention of nausea and emesis associated with cyclophosphamide-doxorubicin chemotherapy.
Tamoxifen in premenopausal patients with metastatic breast cancer: a review.
Marijuana as antiemetic medicine: a survey of oncologists' experiences and attitudes.
Somatosensory evoked potentials in intracranial hypertension: analysis of the effects of hypoxia.
Deformity correction and long-term survival in an infant with iniencephaly. Case report.
Hemifacial spasm in an infant due to fourth ventricular ganglioglioma. Case report.
Malignant transformation of an osteoblastoma of the skull: an exceptional occurrence. Case report.
Recurrent spinal cord tethering by sacral nerve root following lipomyelomeningocele surgery. Case report.
Paul Broca and the first craniotomy based on cerebral localization.
Cavernous malformations of the brain stem.
Stereotactic craniotomy in the resection of small arteriovenous malformations.
Relationship between the timing of aneurysm surgery and the development of delayed cerebral ischemia.
Postoperative deficits and functional recovery following removal of tumors involving the dominant hemisphere supplementary motor area.
Benign arterial dissections of the posterior circulation.
Electrothrombosis of saccular aneurysms via endovascular approach. Part 2: Preliminary clinical experience.
Morphine-augmented cholescintigraphy: its efficacy in detecting acute cholecystitis
Naloxone reverses pattern of obstruction of the distal common bile duct induced by analgesic narcotics in hepatobiliary imaging.
Monitoring, reentry, and relapse prevention for chemically dependent health care professionals.
Reversal of alcohol dependence and tolerance by a single administration of flumazenil.
Effects of lidocaine on reperfusion arrhythmias and electrophysiological properties in an isolated ventricular muscle model of ischemia and reperfusion.
Hospital characteristics associated with adverse events and substandard care.
Exaggerated radiation-induced fibrosis in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Effects of EAP follow-up on prevention of relapse among substance abuse clients.
Hyperbaric treatment of cerebral air embolism sustained during an open-heart surgical procedure
Brachial plexus anesthesia in pediatric patients.
Benign positional vertigo: incidence and prognosis in a population-based study in Olmsted County, Minnesota.
Uterine incarceration during the third trimester: a rare complication of pregnancy.
Tinnitus.
Prevention of fetal growth retardation with low-dose aspirin: findings of the EPREDA trial.
Propranolol in prevention of recurrent bleeding from severe portal hypertensive gastropathy in cirrhosis.
Genetic predisposition to iatrogenic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Glutathione peroxidase deficiency and childhood seizures.
Medical Research Council European trial of chorion villus sampling. MRC working party on the evaluation of chorion villus sampling.
Classification and natural history of clinically identifiable subtypes of cerebral infarction.
Case-control study of screening for prostatic cancer by digital rectal examinations.
Second-trimester maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels and the risk of subsequent fetal death
The p53 tumour suppressor gene.
New pathologic observations in juvenile onset parkinsonism with dystonia.
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy of childhood: treatment with high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin.
Early spontaneous hematoma in cerebral infarct: is primary cerebral hemorrhage overdiagnosed?
Cortical blindness and residual vision: is the "second" visual system in humans capable of more than rudimentary visual perception?
Effect of plasma glucose on infarct size in focal cerebral ischemia-reperfusion.
Complete ophthalmoplegia as a complication of acute corticosteroid- and pancuronium-associated myopathy.
Cytotoxic activity in plasma from patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Paroxysmal tremor and orofacial dyskinesia secondary to a biopterin synthesis defect.
Necrotizing myopathy with pipestem capillaries, microvascular deposition of the complement membrane attack complex (MAC), and minimal cellular infiltration.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in a patient with a cadaveric dural graft.
Nutritional therapy for infants with diarrhea.
Fetal and neonatal effects of treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in pregnancy.
Vitamin B6 is effective therapy for nausea and vomiting of pregnancy: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study.
Diagnostic imaging in puerperal febrile morbidity.
Radical hysterectomy morbidity in relation to age.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial to assess the side effects of medroxyprogesterone acetate in hormone replacement therapy.
Results from 7-mm bilateral recessions of the medial rectus muscles for congenital esotropia.
Retinal detachment adherent to posterior chamber IOL after Molteno implant surgery.
Psychological aspects of orthognathic surgery: how people respond to facial change.
Oral mucosal soft tissue necrosis caused by superinfection. Report of three cases.
Carotid cavernous fistula after minimal facial trauma. Report of a case.
Adenomatoid hyperplasia of minor salivary glands.
Clinical, radiographic, and histologic study of endodontic treatment failures.
Iatrogenic pneumomediastinum after endodontic therapy.
An approach to the evaluation and treatment of microscopic hematuria.
Chronic cough in children.
Difficult pediatric diagnoses. Bruising and bleeding [published erratum appears in Pediatr Clin North Am 1991 Oct;38(5):viii]
Common complaints with cardiac implications in children.
Chronic diarrhea. A practical approach for the pediatrician.
Histamine H2-receptor antagonists.
Amantadine toxicity presenting with complex ventricular ectopy and hallucinations.
Accidental and intentional poisonings with ethylene glycol in infancy: diagnostic clues and management.
Non-typhoid Salmonella in renal transplant recipients: a report of twenty cases and review of the literature.
The epidemiologic importance of dysentery in communities.
Effect of antibiotics on food intake and absorption of nutrients for children with diarrhea due to Shigella.
Midterm follow-up of young patients fused in situ for spondylolisthesis.
Clinical diagnosis for metastatic adenocarcinoma of spine of unknown origin. A comparative study.
Topographic variations in the peripheral course of the greater occipital nerve. Autopsy study with clinical correlations.
Safety-belt injuries in children with lap-belt ecchymosis: CT findings in 61 patients.
Urinary tract calculi that form on surgical staples: a characteristic radiologic appearance.
Normal splenic size in infants and children: sonographic measurements.
Stenoses of vascular anastomoses after hepatic transplantation: treatment with balloon angioplasty.
Obstructive dilatation of extrahepatic recipient and donor bile ducts complicating orthotopic liver transplantation: imaging and laboratory findings.
Arrhythmias in heart failure--therapeutic challenges.
Is pulsed Doppler velocimetry useful in the management of multiple-gestation pregnancies?
Trends in the operative management of invasive squamous carcinoma of the vulva at Indiana University, 1974 to 1988.
The natural history of HELLP syndrome: patterns of disease progression and regression.
Suture entrapment and secondary ureteral obstruction.
Lymphocytic adenohypophysitis: a pituitary mass lesion occurring in pregnancy. Proposal for medical treatment.
Antibiotic treatment of tuboovarian abscess: comparison of broad-spectrum beta-lactam agents versus clindamycin-containing regimens.
Antepartum testing in the hypertensive patient: when to begin.
Preeclampsia as the great impostor.
Gliomatosis peritonei with malignant transformation: a case report and review of the literature.
Transabdominal cervicoisthmic cerclage: a reappraisal 25 years after its introduction.
Fetal choroid plexus cysts in the second trimester of pregnancy: a cause for concern.
Ten-year follow-up of patients with secondary amenorrhea and normal prolactin.
Patient-controlled on-demand epidural fentanyl. A comparison of patient-controlled on-demand fentanyl delivered epidurally or intravenously.
Comparison of extradural and intravenous diamorphine as a supplement to extradural bupivacaine.
Doxapram after general anaesthesia. Its role in stopping shivering during recovery.
Vocal cord paralysis in the Shy-Drager syndrome. A cause of postoperative respiratory obstruction.
Myoclonic spasms after epidural diamorphine infusion.
Evaluation of the Graseby PCAS. A clinical and laboratory study.
Visual evoked potentials and visual acuity after transurethral resection of the prostate.
Serum bupivacaine concentrations following wound infiltration in children undergoing inguinal herniotomy.
Increased susceptibility to lung dysfunction in female smokers.
Emphysema type in relation to silica dust exposure in South African gold miners.
Interaction of chemical and mechanical respiratory stimuli in the arousal response to hypoxia in sleeping dogs.
Longitudinal analyses of respiratory chemosensitivity in normal subjects.
Why don't all heavy snorers have obstructive sleep apnea?
Pharyngeal function and snoring characteristics in apneic and nonapneic snorers.
Upper airway collapsibility in snorers and in patients with obstructive hypopnea and apnea.
Influence of progressive and of transient hypoxia on upper airway resistance in normal humans.
Evidence that genetic emphysema in tight-skin mice is not caused by neutrophil elastase.
Risk factors in relation to postoperative complications and mortality after total gastrectomy in aged patients.
Enterocutaneous fistulas following laparotomy for trauma.
Blunt cervical spine Brown-Sequard injury. A report of three cases.
Spraying of aerosolized fibrin glue in the treatment of nonsuturable hemorrhage.
Procurement and transplantation of colonized cadaver skin.
Chemotherapy compared with bone marrow transplantation for adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in first remission.
Prevention of bacterial infection in neutropenic patients with hematologic malignancies. A randomized, multicenter trial comparing norfloxacin with ciprofloxacin. The GIMEMA Infection Program. Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche Maligne dell'Adulto.
Limited heterogeneity of the HLA class II contribution to susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis is suggested by positive associations with HLA-DR4, DR1 and DRw10.
Susceptibility to and severity of rheumatoid arthritis in multicase families.
The treatment of metastatic breast cancer.
Acute allergic interstitial pneumonitis induced by hydrochlorothiazide [published erratum appears in Can Med Assoc J 1991 Sep 1;145(5):391]
Mucin-producing tumor of the pancreas.
Improved treatment results in boys with overt testicular relapse during or shortly after initial therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology group study.
Neurotoxicity of intraventricularly administered alpha-interferon for leptomeningeal disease.
Antifungal treatment by amphotericin B and 5-fluorocytosine delays the recovery of normal hematopoietic cells after intensive cytostatic therapy for acute myeloid leukemia.
An immunohistochemical study of sarcomatoid liver carcinomas.
Fulminant hepatic failure after repeated exposure to isoflurane anesthesia: a case report.
Hepatic interferon-alpha gene transcripts and products in liver specimens from acute and chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Prospective, randomized controlled trial of interferon-alpha in children with chronic hepatitis B.
Hepatitis B virus infection in patients with idiopathic liver disease.
A randomized controlled trial of a 12-month course of recombinant human interferon-alpha in chronic delta (type D) hepatitis: a multicenter Italian study.
Large molecular form of serum HBeAg in chronic hepatitis B virus infection: relation to liver cell damage.
Orthotopic liver transplantation for incurable alveolar echinococcosis of the liver: report of 17 cases.
Failure of ursodeoxycholic acid to prevent a cholestatic episode in a patient with benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis: a study of bile acid metabolism.
Eosinophil-induced chronic active hepatitis in the idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome.
Comparison of the effects of torasemide and furosemide in nonazotemic cirrhotic patients with ascites: a randomized, double-blind study.
Blood and liver-infiltrating lymphocytes in primary biliary cirrhosis: increase in activated T and natural killer cells and recruitment of primed memory T cells.
Human fetal hepatocytes respond to inflammatory mediators and excrete bile.
A rat model of acute liver necrosis induced by a monoclonal antibody to liver-specific antigen and complement.
Chronic cluster headache associated with a vertebral artery aneurysm.
Reading problems in adult chronic headache sufferers.
Psychological changes accompanying non-pharmacological treatment of chronic headache: the effects of outcome.
Subeschar tissue fluid: a source of cell-mediated immune suppression in victims of severe thermal injury.
Liquid-propane freeze injury: a case history.
Pontine myelinolysis after correction of hyponatremia during burn resuscitation.
Methods to diminish intraoperative blood loss.
Effect of irreversible dermal necrosis on phagocytic activity of reticuloendothelial system.
Localized recurrent postoperative pernio associated with leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum associated with systemic lupus erythematosus: response to pulse steroid therapy.
Buschke-Ollendorff syndrome of the scalp: histologic and ultrastructural findings.
Occupational urticaria from welding polyurethane.
Tertiary syphilis of the face.
Linear lupus erythematosus profundus in a child.
Muir-Torre syndrome associated with alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency and cutaneous vasculitis. Report of a case with exacerbation of a cutaneous neoplasm during immunosuppressive therapy.
Primary cutaneous mucormycosis in a healthy young girl. Report of a case caused by Mucor hiemalis Wehmer.
Acne fulminans with hepatosplenomegaly and erythema nodosum migrans.
Dowling-Degos disease, hidradenitis suppurativa, and multiple keratoacanthomas. A disorder that may be caused by a single underlying defect in pilosebaceous epithelial proliferation.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis.
Clinical course of idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy in children
Laser balloon angioplasty: clinical, angiographic and histologic results.
Evaluation and management of patients with both peripheral vascular and coronary artery disease.
Assessment of coronary artery patency after thrombolytic therapy: accurate prediction utilizing the combined analysis of three noninvasive markers.
Epicardial coronary artery tone and reactivity in patients with normal coronary arteriograms and reduced coronary flow reserve (syndrome X)
Comparison of the findings on preoperative dipyridamole perfusion scintigraphy and intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography: implications regarding the identification of myocardium at ischemic risk.
Acute L-thyroxine overdose; therapy with sodium ipodate: evaluation of clinical and physiologic parameters.
Acute short-term memory loss from trimethyltin exposure.
Emergency department presentation of renal dialysis patients: indications for EMS transport directly to dialysis centers.
Body image dissatisfaction in homosexual and heterosexual males.
Plasma catecholamine levels in cyclic antidepressant overdose.
Acetaminophen induced pancreatitis.
Determination of serum acetaminophen in emergency toxicology: evaluation of newer methods: Abbott TDx and second derivative ultraviolet spectrophotometry.
Central nervous system toxicity from nebulized atropine sulfate.
Hormonal and metabolic response to operative stress in the neonate.
Effect of glycine on medullary thick ascending limb injury in perfused kidneys.
Metabolic disturbance as a cause of recurrent hematuria in children.
Potential role of PFOB enhanced sonography of the kidney. II. Detection of partial infarction.
Levamisole for corticosteroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome in childhood. British Association for Paediatric Nephrology.
Radiofrequency current catheter ablation of accessory atrioventricular pathways.
Control of blood gas measurements in intensive-care units.
Public health consequences of acute displacement of Iraqi citizens--March-May 1991.
Comparison of an antiinflammatory dose of ibuprofen, an analgesic dose of ibuprofen, and acetaminophen in the treatment of patients with osteoarthritis of the knee
Factor XI deficiency in Ashkenazi Jews in Israel.
The long-term course of Lyme arthritis in children.
Uniparental paternal disomy in a genetic cancer-predisposing syndrome
Embryological and molecular investigations of parental imprinting on mouse chromosome 7
Astigmatism after small incision cataract surgery. A prospective, randomized, multicenter comparison of 4- and 6.5-mm incisions
Long-term results of keratoepithelioplasty in Mooren's ulcer.
Epikeratoplasty for keratoglobus associated with blue sclera.
Progression of scleral disease.
Acute idiopathic blind spot enlargement. A spectrum of disease.
Use of bioerodible polymers impregnated with mitomycin in glaucoma filtration surgery in rabbits.
Use of botulinum toxin in strabismus after retinal detachment surgery.
Retrobulbar bupivacaine irrigation for postoperative pain after scleral buckling surgery. A prospective study.
Magnetic resonance imaging of temporomandibular joint after surgical treatment of internal derangement.
Bursitis of the tensor veli palatini muscle with an osteophyte on the pterygoid hamulus.
Sinus bradycardia related to temporomandibular joint surgery.
Oral soft tissues in hereditary epidermolysis bullosa.
Association of supraglottic and gingival idiopathic plasmacytosis.
Histopathologic comparison between human oral squamous cell carcinomas and their xenografts in nude mice.
Post-herpetic neuralgia: further post-mortem studies of cases with and without pain.
Spinal cord stimulation for chronic, intractable pain: superiority of "multi-channel" devices.
Study of experimental pain measures and nociceptive reflex in chronic pain patients and normal subjects.
The "two week syndrome" associated with injection treatment for chronic pain--fact or fiction?
The Edmonton injector: a simple device for patient-controlled subcutaneous analgesia.
Idiopathic trigeminal pain associated with gustatory stimuli.
Effects of spinal kappa-opioid receptor agonists on the responsiveness of nociceptive superficial dorsal horn neurons.
Long-term spinal administration of morphine in cancer and non-cancer pain: a retrospective study.
An in-depth study of long-term users of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS). Implications for clinical use of TENS.
The consistency of pulse frequencies and pulse patterns of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) used by chronic pain patients.
Increased postoperative pain and consumption of analgesics following acupuncture.
L-tryptophan supplementation does not affect postoperative pain intensity or consumption of analgesics.
Self-efficacy and outcome expectancies: relationship to chronic pain coping strategies and adjustment.
Psychological events are both risk factors in, and consequences of, chronic pain.
Disappearance of thalamic pain after parietal subcortical stroke.
Phantom-related phenomena after rectal amputation: prevalence and clinical characteristics.
Inactivation of the Zfx gene on the mouse X chromosome [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Jul 1;88(13):5937]
Transmembrane domain length variation in the evolution of major histocompatibility complex class I genes.
Steel-Dickie mutation encodes a c-kit ligand lacking transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains.
Characterization of the decay-accelerating factor gene promoter region.
Cardiac reperfusion damage prevented by a nitroxide free radical.
Deletion of sequences upstream of the proteinase improves the proteolytic processing of human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Localized cytosolic domains of the erythropoietin receptor regulate growth signaling and down-modulate responsiveness to granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Mouse platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha gene is deleted in W19H and patch mutations on chromosome 5.
Isolation of a yeast artificial chromosome spanning the 8;21 translocation breakpoint t(8;21)(q22;q22.3) in acute myelogenous leukemia.
9-[(2RS)-3-fluoro-2-phosphonylmethoxypropyl] derivatives of purines: a class of highly selective antiretroviral agents in vitro and in vivo.
Genetic basis for p53 overexpression in human breast cancer.
Periodic and chaotic host-parasite interactions in human malaria.
The aging process: major risk factor for disease and death.
Reversible inactivation of the insular cortex by tetrodotoxin produces retrograde and anterograde amnesia for inhibitory avoidance and spatial learning.
Genetic dissection of susceptibility to audiogenic seizures in inbred mice.
Electromyographic activity of selected leg musculature in subjects with normal and chronically sprained ankles performing on a BAPS board.
Periosteal suspension of the lower eyelid and cheek following subciliary exposure of facial fractures.
High-energy orbital dislocations: the possibility of traumatic hypertelorbitism.
The buccinator myomucosal island pedicle flap: anatomic study and case report.
Treatment of chronic infected hip arthroplasty wounds by radical debridement and obliteration with pedicled and free muscle flaps.
Gonadal vein thrombosis in patients with acute gastrointestinal inflammation: diagnosis with CT.
Radiographic fallopian tube recanalization: absorbed ovarian radiation dose.
Occlusive peripheral vascular disease: a multicenter trial of fluorescence-guided, pulsed dye laser-assisted balloon angioplasty.
Arm edema in conservatively managed breast cancer: obesity is a major predictive factor
Variations in acromial ossification simulating infant abuse in victims of sudden infant death syndrome.
Repair of coarctation of the aorta in children: postoperative morphology.
Appendicitis: prospective evaluation with high-resolution CT.
Cerebellorubral degeneration after resection of cerebellar dentate nucleus neoplasms: evaluation with MR imaging.
Focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver: assessment with contrast-enhanced TurboFLASH MR imaging.
Human orthotopic small intestine transplantation: radiologic assessment.
Hypertonic saline resuscitation: efficacy in a community-based burn unit.
Extubation after transsternal thymectomy for myasthenia gravis: a prospective analysis.
Effect of breast implants on mammography.
Common bile duct distensibility after cholecystectomy.
External fistulas arising from the digestive tract.
Traumatic esophageal rupture: unusual cause of acute mediastinal widening.
Necrotizing fasciitis and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Klebsiella pneumoniae urinary tract infection complicated by endophthalmitis, perinephric abscess, and ecthyma gangrenosum.
Edematous pancreatitis associated with intravenous pentamidine.
Hypothermia in the summer.
Vertebral alterations in Scheuermann's kyphosis.
Lumbar intervertebral foramens. An in vitro study of their shape in relation to intervertebral disc pathology.
A controlled study of caudal epidural injections of triamcinolone plus procaine for the management of intractable sciatica.
Painful tic convulsif caused by a contralateral vertebral artery.
Symptomatic cerebral vasospasm following tumor resection: report of two cases.
The course of lymphocytic hypophysitis.
Single center experience of the effect of delayed function on outcome in retransplant recipients of cadaveric renal allografts.
Transplant aspiration cytology: applications to kidney and liver transplantations.
Arterial insufficiency in hemodialysis access procedures: correction by "banding" technique.
Left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertension.
Nicardipine and vascular hypertrophy.
Management of hypertensive emergencies: changing therapeutic options.
Clinical benefits of structural and functional changes with calcium antagonists.
Application of intermediate biomarkers to studies of cancer prevention in the gastrointestinal tract: introduction and perspective.
Colonic hyperproliferation induced in rats and mice by nutritional-stress diets containing four components of a human Western-style diet (series 2).
Interleukin-1 mRNA-expressing macrophages in human chronically inflamed gingival tissues.
Islet amyloid polypeptide in proliferating pancreatic B cells during development, hyperplasia, and neoplasia in humans and mice.
Pneumonitis associated with coinfection by human herpesvirus 6 and Legionella in an immunocompetent adult.
Have general hospitals become chronic care institutions for the mentally ill?
Characteristics of a random sample of emergency food program users in New York: I. Food pantries.
A case of opisthorchiasis diagnosed by cholangiography and bile examination.
Sclerotherapy of bleeding esophageal varices using a thrombogenic cocktail.
The role of endoscopic papillotomy in ascending cholangitis.
Hypoxaemia after nebulised salbutamol in wheezy infants: the importance of aerosol acidity.
Home monitoring of transcutaneous oxygen tension in the early detection of hypoxaemia in infants and young children.
Growth hormone treatment of growth failure secondary to total body irradiation and bone marrow transplantation.
Asperger's syndrome: who is being abused?
Management of foreskin problems.
Miller-Dieker syndrome with ring chromosome 17.
Pulse oximetry in acute asthma.
Acute familial myositis with a common autoimmune response.
Psychosocial aspects of chronic, clinically unconfirmed vulvovaginitis
Chronic neurologic manifestations of Lyme disease
gamma-Hydroxybutyrate: a health-food product producing coma and seizurelike activity.
Traumatic asphyxia and blunt cardiac injury: case report and selected review.
Low back pain: review of diagnosis and therapy.
Herniated cervical disk presenting as ischemic chest pain.
Malaria in an urban emergency department: epidemiology and diagnostic features of 25 cases.
Determinants of successful transthoracic defibrillation and outcome in ventricular fibrillation.
A quantitative histopathological study of right bundle branch block complicating acute anteroseptal myocardial infarction.
Successful intracardiac electrical conversion of atrial flutter in patients with complex congenital heart disease.
Pericardial haemorrhage causing right atrial compression after cardiac surgery: role of transoesophageal echocardiography.
Early constrictive pericarditis and anemia after Dressler's syndrome and inferior wall myocardial infarction.
Treatment of blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm with botulinum A toxin: a Canadian multicentre study.
Occult pontine glioma in a patient with hemifacial spasm.
Bilateral optic disc neovascularization in association with retinitis pigmentosa.
Subretinal neovascularization in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Pregnancy outcome among native Indians in Saskatchewan.
Impaired diastolic function and coronary reserve in genetic hypertension. Role of interstitial fibrosis and medial thickening of intramyocardial coronary arteries.
Role of intrarenal angiotensin II and alpha-adrenoceptors in renal vasoconstriction with acute hypoxemia and hypercapnic acidosis in conscious dogs.
A cellular mechanism for impaired posthypoxic relaxation in isolated cardiac myocytes. Altered myofilament relaxation kinetics at reoxygenation.
Endothelin-1 induces hypertrophy with enhanced expression of muscle-specific genes in cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes.
Regional changes in hemodynamics and cardiac myocyte size in rats with aortocaval fistulas. 1. Developing and established hypertrophy.
Regional changes in hemodynamics and cardiac myocyte size in rats with aortocaval fistulas. 2. Long-term effects.
Nosocomial pneumonia in the critically ill: product of aspiration or translocation?
Oxygen delivery-dependent oxygen consumption in acute respiratory failure.
Lipolytic response to metabolic stress in critically ill patients.
Electromechanical dissociation in newborns treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation: an extreme form of cardiac stun syndrome.
Hypertonic saline dextran resuscitation during the initial phase of acute endotoxemia: effect on regional blood flow.
Effect of sequential early burn wound excision and closure on postburn oxygen consumption.
Statistical modeling of prognostic indices for evaluation of critically ill patients.
Immune dysfunction in children after corrective surgery for congenital heart disease.
Postoperative sepsis: reexplore or observe? Accurate indication from diagnostic abdominal paracentesis.
Pulmonary dysfunction in surgical conditions of the newborn infant.
Sucralfate versus antacids or H2-antagonists for stress ulcer prophylaxis: a meta-analysis on efficacy and pneumonia rate.
Intraoperative colonic lavage and primary anastomosis in nonelective colon resection.
Preservation of urine voiding and sexual function after rectal cancer surgery
Mucosal dysplasia and DNA content in ulcerative colitis patients with ileorectal anastomosis. Follow-up study in a defined patient group.
Aseptic colon resection by an invagination technique. Experimental study on dogs.
Neurophysiologic assessment of the anal sphincters.
Effects of diclofenac sodium on intestinal anastomotic healing. Experimental study on the small intestine of rabbits.
Failure of right-sided coloanal anastomosis for treatment of left-sided ulcerative colitis. Report of a case.
Selective depletion of macrophages prevents pituitary-adrenal activation in response to subpyrogenic, but not to pyrogenic, doses of bacterial endotoxin in rats.
Chronic streptozotocin diabetes in rats facilitates the acute stress response without altering pituitary or adrenal responsiveness to secretagogues.
Fetal breathing and development of control of breathing.
Rapid orocecal transit in chronically active persons with high energy intake.
Stimulation of glucose transport in skeletal muscle by hypoxia.
Effect of vasoconstriction on longitudinal distribution of pulmonary vascular pressure and volume.
Effect of inspiratory muscle fatigue on breathing pattern during inspiratory resistive loading.
Metabolic and work efficiencies during exercise in Andean natives.
Stress failure in pulmonary capillaries.
Recovery after intense chronic stimulation: a physiological study of cat's fast muscle.
Exercise endurance and arterial desaturation in normobaric hypoxia with increased chemosensitivity.
Splanchnic sympathetic nerve activity and circulating catecholamines in the hyperthermic rat.
Pulmonary vascular reactivity in Fischer rats.
Energy state and vasomotor tone in hypoxic pig lungs.
Significance of atherosclerotic changes of the ascending aorta during coronary bypass surgery with intraoperative detection by echography.
Aortic dissection type A surgery: Doppler sonography to evaluate correct carotid artery perfusion during cardiopulmonary bypass.
A rare complication of mitral valve replacement. Intraoperative fracture of the right fibrous trigone following a superior approach to the left atrium. Case report.
Post stenotic aneurysm in popliteal artery entrapment syndrome.
Internal mammary artery subclavian vein fistula following internal jugular vein catheterization. A case report and review of the literature.
Molecular basis of an autoantibody-associated restriction fragment length polymorphism that confers susceptibility to autoimmune diseases.
Study of brain electrolytes and organic osmolytes during correction of chronic hyponatremia. Implications for the pathogenesis of central pontine myelinolysis.
Treatment with recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-alpha protects rats against the lethality, hypotension, and hypothermia of gram-negative sepsis.
High levels of p19/nm23 protein in neuroblastoma are associated with advanced stage disease and with N-myc gene amplification.
Stereographic and stereometric study of sebaceous gland hyperplasia in rabbit pinnas induced by topically applied substances.
Localization of metallothionein in hair follicles of normal skin and the basal cell layer of hyperplastic epidermis: possible association with cell proliferation.
Spontaneous in vitro secretion of antibody to cytomegalovirus (CMV) by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells: a new approach to studying the CMV-immune system interaction.
The zinc-reversible antimicrobial activity of neutrophil lysates and abscess fluid supernatants.
Group-specific serum antibody responses in children with primary and recurrent respiratory syncytial virus infections.
Epidemiology of nontyphoidal Salmonella bacteremia during the human immunodeficiency virus epidemic.
Acute and chronic symptoms of mononucleosis.
Efficient diagnosis of common complaints: a comparative study in the United States and England.
Neurophysiological observations on the effects of botulinum toxin treatment in patients with dystonic blepharospasm.
Post-endarterectomy headache and the role of the oculosympathetic system.
Subclinical peripheral nerve involvement in AIDS: an electrophysiological and pathological study.
Isolated muscle hypertrophy as a sign of radicular or peripheral nerve injury.
The cognitive and psychological sequelae of uncomplicated aneurysm surgery.
Performance of age-matched controls on a battery of visuo-spatial neglect tests.
The assessment of visuo-spatial neglect after acute stroke.
Progressive loss of speech output and orofacial dyspraxia associated with frontal lobe hypometabolism.
Upbeat and downbeat nystagmus occurring successively in a patient with posterior medullary haemorrhage.
Auriculotemporal syndrome following the preauricular approach to temporomandibular joint surgery.
Hemorrhage following mandibular osteotomies: a report of 21 cases.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids decrease mortality and Kupffer cell prostaglandin E2 production in a rat model of chronic sepsis.
Dose response characteristics of hypertonic saline dextran solutions.
Incidence and timing of hypothermia in trauma patients undergoing operations.
The significance of critical care errors in causing preventable death in trauma patients in a trauma system.
The effect of the pneumatic antishock garment (PASG) on hemodynamics, hemorrhage, and survival in penetrating thoracic aortic injury.
Hemorrhagic shock and bacterial translocation in a swine model.
Bladder and sphincter behavior in patients with spinal cord lesions.
Transureteroureterostomy with cutaneous ureterostomy: a 25-year experience.
Anterior innominate osteotomies for failure or late closure of bladder exstrophy.
Ischemic necrosis: a hypothesis to explain the pathogenesis of spontaneously ruptured enterocystoplasty.
Urinary tract malformations in identical twins.
Mixed acid fermentation of glucose as a mechanism of emphysematous urinary tract infection.
Splenosis presenting as a left renal mass indistinguishable from renal cell carcinoma.
Complications of the Heitz-Boyer urinary diversion: case report of late development of malignancy.
Kock pouch procedures: continuing experience and evolution in 135 cases.
Chronic hematocele complicating renal failure and hemodialysis.
The protective role of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] in the pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis.
Urethroplasty using the pedicled island flap technique in complicated urethral strictures.
Evaluation of penile dorsal arteries and deep arteries in arteriogenic impotence.
Natural course of clinically localized prostate adenocarcinoma in men less than 70 years old.
Association of Chlamydia pneumoniae (strain TWAR) infection with wheezing, asthmatic bronchitis, and adult-onset asthma
Bedside diagnostic blood testing. Its accuracy, rapidity, and utility in blood conservation.
Percutaneous transjugular portosystemic shunt.
Nutritional supplementation, psychosocial stimulation, and mental development of stunted children: the Jamaican Study.
Migraine pain associated with middle cerebral artery dilatation: reversal by sumatriptan.
Metabolic responses to swimming exercise in Streptococcus pneumoniae infected rats.
Effects of training on metabolic responses and performance capacity in Streptococcus pneumoniae infected rats.
The effects of shoes on the torsion and rearfoot motion in running.
Effect of very low birth weight and subnormal head size on cognitive abilities at school age
Relation between malpractice claims and adverse events due to negligence. Results of the Harvard Medical Practice Study III.
Effect of enalapril on survival in patients with reduced left ventricular ejection fractions and congestive heart failure. The SOLVD Investigators
A comparison of enalapril with hydralazine-isosorbide dinitrate in the treatment of chronic congestive heart failure
Treatment of migraine attacks with sumatriptan. The Subcutaneous Sumatriptan International Study Group
Treatment of acute cluster headache with sumatriptan. The Sumatriptan Cluster Headache Study Group
Phacoemulsification combined with pars plana vitrectomy.
Outpatient dacryocystorhinostomy.
Initial clinical trial of EXOSURF, a protein-free synthetic surfactant, for the prophylaxis and early treatment of hyaline membrane disease.
A randomized, controlled study of behavioral intervention for chemotherapy distress in children with cancer.
Dog bites in urban children.
Antiphospholipid antibodies in cerebral ischemia.
Clinical anatomic study of pure dysarthria.
Attitudes of family practice residents about speech-language-hearing referrals.
Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty of aortocoronary venous bypass grafts and effect of the caliber of the grafted coronary artery on graft stenosis.
Prediction of uneventful cardioversion and maintenance of sinus rhythm from direct-current electrical cardioversion of chronic atrial fibrillation and flutter.
Clinical and angiographic observations on resuscitated victims of exercise-related sudden ischemic death.
Evolution of myocardial ischemia and left ventricular function in patients with angina pectoris without myocardial infarction and total occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery and collaterals from other coronary arteries.
Relation between myocardial beta-adrenergic receptor and left ventricular function in patients with left ventricular volume overload due to chronic mitral regurgitation with or without aortic regurgitation.
A comparative trial of the reactogenicity and immunogenicity of Takeda acellular pertussis vaccine combined with tetanus and diphtheria toxoids. Outcome in 3- to 8-month-old infants, 9- to 23-month-old infants and children, and 24- to 30-month-old children.
Seasonal variation in growth during growth hormone therapy.
Otolaryngologic manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux.
Use of a marshmallow bolus for evaluating lower esophageal mucosal rings.
Mucin-hypersecreting tumor of the pancreas with mucin extrusion through an enlarged papilla.
Factors affecting the patency of stents in malignant biliary obstructive disease: univariate and multivariate analysis.
Lectin-reactive patterns of markedly elevated serum alpha-fetoprotein in patients with chronic active hepatitis.
Relationship of HBsAg subtypes with HBeAg/anti-HBe status and chronic liver disease. Part I: Analysis of 1744 HBsAg carriers.
Relationship of HBsAg subtypes with HBeAg/anti-HBe status and chronic liver disease. Part II: Evaluation of epidemiological factors and suspected risk factors of liver dysfunction.
Foscarnet in the treatment of cytomegalovirus infection of the esophagus and colon in patients with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Malignant colorectal strictures in Crohn's disease.
A new provocative test for chronic mesenteric ischemia.
Fistulous degeneration of a giant esophageal ulcer in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Effects of protein size on the rate of import of the precursors of aldehyde dehydrogenase and ornithine transcarbamylase into rat liver mitochondria.
Does the presence of a measurable blood alcohol level in a potential organ donor affect the outcome of liver transplantation?
Nonoperative management of splenic injuries.
Giant adult malignant sacrococcygeal teratoma. Successful treatment by combined abdominosacral resection.
Gastrointestinal carcinoid tumors.
Thymic carcinoid.
Resection of a granular cell tumor at the hepatic confluence. A precarious location for a benign tumor.
The bottom end. Handling of the perineal wound after abdominoperineal resection.
Postmortem studies of the heart in three fatal cases of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Myonecrosis and myofibrosis as complications of sickle cell anemia.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and the risk for chronic renal disease
Outcome of patients with acute myocardial infarction who are ineligible for thrombolytic therapy.
Assessment of competency: the role of neurobehavioral deficits.
Primary tracheojejunal shunt operation for voice restoration following pharyngolaryngoesophagectomy.
Laser uvulopalatoplasty in treatment of habitual snoring.
Postural compensation in children with congenital or early acquired bilateral vestibular loss.
Pharyngeal ulceration in AIDS patients secondary to cytomegalovirus infection.
Auditory nerve compound action potentials and brain stem auditory evoked potentials in patients with various degrees of hearing loss.
Contribution of increased endolymphatic pressure to hearing loss in experimental hydrops.
Acute and chronic hypothermia in a man with spinal cord injury: environmental and pharmacologic causes.
Wrist movements in able-bodied and brain injured individuals.
Problems and coping strategies of individuals with traumatic brain injury and their spouses.
Fatigue and depression in brain-injured patients correlated with quadriceps strength and endurance.
Behavioral treatment of dizziness secondary to benign positional vertigo following head trauma.
Shoulder subluxation in hemiplegia: effects of three different supports.
Wohlfart-Kugelberg-Welander syndrome: serum creatine kinase and functional outcome.
Atrial fibrillation associated with autonomic dysreflexia in patients with tetraplegia.
Paralysis of the trapezius: a case report.
Monocyte-derived neutrophil chemotactic factor/interleukin-8 is a potential mediator of crystal-induced inflammation.
A pair of monozygotic twins who are concordant for myasthenia gravis but became discordant for systemic lupus erythematosus post-thymectomy.
Prognostic value of VEPs in young children with acute onset of cortical blindness.
Ictal 99mTc-HMPAO SPECT in alternating hemiplegia.
HIV-2 infection among prostitutes working in The Gambia: association with serological evidence of genital ulcer diseases and with generalized lymphadenopathy.
Bullous pemphigoid autoantibodies, HIV-1 infection and pruritic papular eruption.
Hereditary sacral agenesis with presacral mass and anorectal stenosis: the Currarino triad.
Insights gained from the management of problematical anal fistulae at St. Mark's Hospital, 1984-88.
Colon perforation during colonoscopy: surgical versus conservative management.
Acute necrotizing pancreatitis: management by planned, staged pancreatic necrosectomy/debridement and delayed primary wound closure over drains.
Chylothorax after oesophagectomy.
Five-year vascular audit from a district hospital.
Clinical outcome and health care costs in renal revascularization--percutaneous transluminal renal angioplasty versus reconstructive surgery.
Assessment of left atrial appendage function by transesophageal echocardiography. Implications for the development of thrombus.
Prediction of outcome after mitral valve replacement in patients with symptomatic chronic mitral regurgitation. The importance of left atrial size.
Effectiveness of recombinant desulphatohirudin in reducing restenosis after balloon angioplasty of atherosclerotic femoral arteries in rabbits
Arrhythmogenic effects of graded coronary blood flow reductions superimposed on prior myocardial infarction in dogs.
Prognostic significance of atrial fibrillation in advanced heart failure. A study of 390 patients.
Diastolic perfusion time at ischemic threshold in patients with stress-induced ischemia
Wolf blade plate ankle arthrodesis.
Use of bipolar endoprosthesis and bone grafting for acetabular reconstruction.
Valgus high tibial osteotomy. A long-term follow-up study.
A comparative analysis of Giliberty, Bateman, and Universal femoral head prostheses. A long-term follow-up evaluation.
Radial nerve paralysis and tumor.
Salvage of nonunion following ankle arthrodesis for failed total ankle arthroplasty.
Ankle arthrodesis in children.
Ankle arthrodesis. A comparison of internal and external fixation.
An overview of ankle arthrodesis.
Pharmacokinetics of esmolol in children.
Assessment of systemic effects of different ophthalmic beta-blockers in healthy volunteers.
Effect of caffeine on ibuprofen analgesia in postoperative oral surgery pain.
A fatality after antipyrine administration.
Early loss of neurogenic inflammation in the human diabetic foot.
Resting energy expenditure in chronic cardiac failure.
Chronic tuberculous empyema with bronchopleural fistula resulting in treatment failure and progressive drug resistance.
Clinical significance of pericardial rub with regional ventricular dilatation.
The relationship between large airway inflammation and airway metaplasia.
Acute asthma. Admission chest radiography in hospitalized adult patients.
Maximal sniff mouth pressure compared with maximal inspiratory pressure in acute respiratory failure.
Isolated atrial infarction in a patients with single vessel disease of the sinus node artery.
Left main coronary artery and femoral artery vasospasm associated with cocaine use.
Management of malignant air leak in a child with a neonatal high-frequency oscillatory ventilator.
Laceration of the left pulmonary artery during removal of a bronchogenic cyst by right thoracotomy.
Overwhelming necrotizing tracheobronchitis due to inadequate humidification during high-frequency jet ventilation.
Round atelectasis in a 20-year-old woman.
Practice patterns in the treatment of acutely ill hospitalized asthmatic patients at three teaching hospitals. Variability in resource utilization.
Nosocomial pneumonia and the role of gastric pH. A meta-analysis.
A population-based study of bronchial asthma in adult twin pairs.
Roentgenographic dimensions of the upper airway in snoring patients with and without obstructive sleep apnea.
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum. A report of 25 cases.
Crackles in interstitial lung disease. Comparison of sarcoidosis and fibrosing alveolitis.
Glomerulopathy in patient with Donohue syndrome (leprechaunism).
Current approaches to chronic pain in older patients.
Value of ultrasound in differentiating causes of persistent vomiting in infants.
'Low sodium' diuresis and ileal loss in patients with ileostomies: effect of desmopressin.
Reflex anal dilatation: effect of parting the buttocks on anal function in normal subjects and patients with anorectal and spinal disease.
Palliation of proximal malignant biliary obstruction by endoscopic endoprosthesis insertion.
Comparative study of glass and antimony electrodes for continuous oesophageal pH monitoring.
Chronic periaortitis presenting as common bile duct obstruction.
Azathioprine induced liver disease: nodular regenerative hyperplasia of the liver and perivenous fibrosis in a patient treated for multiple sclerosis.
Granulomatous peritonitis and appendicitis of food starch origin.
Cutaneous botryomycosis.
Prevalence and clinical spectrum of skin diseases in kidney transplant recipients.
Piezogenic wrist papules: a common and asymptomatic finding.
Androgens and oligomenorrhea in hirsute women.
Granulomatous vasculitis occurring after cutaneous herpes zoster despite absence of viral genome.
Successful treatment of adult Henoch-Schonlein purpura with factor XIII concentrate.
Weekly low-dose methotrexate therapy for cutaneous sarcoidosis.
A controlled study of the effectiveness of spot dermabrasion ('scarabrasion') on the appearance of surgical scars.
A geriatric-anesthesiologic program to reduce acute confusional states in elderly patients treated for femoral neck fractures.
Cardiovascular and catecholamine responses to head-up tilt in the diagnosis of recurrent unexplained syncope in elderly patients.
The effect of cryopreservation on the development of S- and G2-phase mouse embryos.
Macrophage apolipoprotein synthesis and endoneurial distribution as a response to segmental demyelination.
Transperineurial vessel constriction in an edematous neuropathy.
Mass closure of the abdominal wound with delayed absorbable suture in surgery for gynecologic cancer.
Genital human papillomavirus infection in men. Diagnosis and treatment with a laser and 5-fluorouracil.
Abdominal wall Actinomyces abscess associated with an intrauterine device. A case report.
Liesegang rings developing within intraperitoneal endometriotic implants. A case report.
Intraovarian abscess treated with laparoscopic aspiration and povidone-iodine lavage. A case report.
Dysfibrinogenemia associated with thrombosis and third-trimester fetal loss. A case report.
Acute hemorrhagic necrosis of tumors induced by interleukin-1 alpha: effects independent of tumor necrosis factor.
Systemic effects of collagen-impregnated aortoiliac Dacron vascular prostheses on platelet activation and fibrin formation.
Spontaneous common iliac arteriovenous fistula manifested by acute renal failure: a case report.
In situ fresh allograft replacement of an infected aortic prosthetic graft: eighteen months' follow-up.
Selection bias in the use of thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction. The SAVE Investigators.
Pathophysiology and treatment of septic shock.
Molecular mechanisms of tubulointerstitial hypertrophy and hyperplasia.
Mechanisms of tubulointerstitial fibrosis.
Ten-year survivors after surgical treatment and perioperative irradiation for esophageal carcinoma.
Autoimmune aetiology for acquired neuromyotonia (Isaacs' syndrome).
Familial breast-ovarian cancer locus on chromosome 17q12-q23.
Circulating ICAM-1 isoforms: diagnostic prospects for inflammatory and immune disorders.
Screening dyspepsia by serology to Helicobacter pylori.
Toxic effects of cisplatin alone and in combination with gentamicin in stria vascularis of guinea pigs.
Efficacy of feedback training in long-standing facial nerve paresis.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery in the internal auditory canal.
Detection of intraoperative laser injury to the facial nerve by electromyographic monitoring of facial muscles.
Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty: evaluation of postoperative complications, sequelae, and results.
Transoral approach to the upper cervical spine.
Risk factors for pancreatic cellular injury after cardiopulmonary bypass
Insect paralysis by baculovirus-mediated expression of a mite neurotoxin gene.
A randomized clinical trial of feeder vessel photocoagulation of sickle cell retinopathy. A long-term follow-up.
Role of external bacterial flora in the pathogenesis of acute postoperative endophthalmitis.
Correlation of the optic disc size to glaucoma susceptibility.
An improved palpebral spring for the management of paralytic lagophthalmos.
Success of temporomandibular joint arthroscopy in disk displacement with and without reduction.
Recurrent aphthous ulcers in association with HIV infection. Description of ulcer types and analysis of T-lymphocyte subsets.
Role of depressive illness in the outcome of treatment of temporomandibular joint pain-dysfunction syndrome.
Detection of human papillomavirus DNA by in situ DNA hybridization and polymerase chain reaction in premalignant and malignant oral lesions.
In situ DNA hybridization analysis of oral papillomas, leukoplakias, and carcinomas for human papillomavirus.
Serum immunoglobulin G subclasses in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Concentration of cefuroxime in serum and middle ear effusion after single dose treatment with cefuroxime axetil.
Gangrene of the fingers secondary to myeloproliferative disease.
Barrett's esophagus. A continuing conundrum.
Avoiding the blanket approach to insomnia. Targeted therapy for specific causes.
Recognizing early Parkinson's disease.
Serious bacterial infections in children. When can outpatient treatment be used?
The glucocorticoid hormone signal transduction pathway in mice homozygous for chromosomal deletions causing failure of cell type-specific inducible gene expression.
Hypoxia-inducible nuclear factors bind to an enhancer element located 3' to the human erythropoietin gene.
Generation of a nested series of interstitial deletions in yeast artificial chromosomes carrying human DNA.
Induction of apoptosis during normal and neoplastic B-cell development in the bursa of Fabricius.
Substitution of leucine for isoleucine in a sequence highly conserved among retroviral envelope surface glycoproteins attenuates the lytic effect of the Friend murine leukemia virus.
Magnetic resonance assessment of the postoperative spine. Degenerative disc disease.
Elective coronary artery bypass surgery without homologous blood transfusion. Early results with an inexpensive blood conservation program.
Dilatation of ascending aorta in patients with repaired coarctation.
Myocardial lactate dehydrogenase and its isoenzyme activities in transplanted human hearts.
Late cardiac tamponade after open-heart surgery.
Emergency pulmonary resection for pneumonia. High morbidity and mortality.
Deregulation of a homeobox gene, HOX11, by the t(10;14) in T cell leukemia.
Acute fulminant hepatic failure.
Mechanisms of failure of mitral valve repair: an echocardiographic study.
Noninvasive detection of functionally significant coronary artery stenoses with exercise and positron emission tomography.
Coronary angioplasty in single-vessel complex lesions: short- and long-term outcome and factors predicting acute coronary occlusion.
Evaluation of restenosis after balloon dilatation in adult aortic stenosis by repeat catheterization.
Patients with a high defibrillation threshold: clinical characteristics, management, and outcome.
Older age and elevated blood pressure are risk factors for intracerebral hemorrhage after thrombolysis.
Late follow-up after repair of left ventricular aneurysm and (usually) associated coronary bypass grafting.
Epicardial mapping in patients with "nodoventricular" accessory pathways.
Time-motion reconstruction of mitral leaflet motion from two-dimensional echocardiography in mitral valve prolapse.
Hazards of mattresses, beds and bedding in deaths of infants.
Adrenal atrophy at autopsy in two asthmatic children.
Cerebrovascular malformation causing sudden death. Analysis of three cases and review of the literature.
A case of autoerotic asphyxia associated with multiplex paraphilia.
Autoerotic death. A definition.
Sexual asphyxia in siblings.
Death by embolization of prosthetic aortic valve.
Hypopharyngeal lipoma as a cause for sudden asphyxial death.
Sudden asphyxial death due to a prolapsed esophageal fibrolipoma.
Differentiation between renal allograft rejection and cyclosporine toxicity: a clinicopathological study.
Hemothorax as a complication following percutaneous renal biopsy.
An autopsy study of the peritoneal cavity from patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Detection of aneuploidy involving chromosomes 13, 18, or 21, by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) to interphase and metaphase amniocytes.
Exploring the molecular basis for variability among patients with Becker muscular dystrophy: dystrophin gene and protein studies.
Estimation of morbid risk and age at onset with missing information.
Complex segregation analysis of primary hepatocellular carcinoma in Chinese families: interaction of inherited susceptibility and hepatitis B viral infection.
Current medical management of cirrhotic ascites.
Natural course of Graves' disease after subtotal thyroidectomy and management of patients with postoperative thyroid dysfunction.
Antibodies against dengue viral proteins in primary and secondary dengue hemorrhagic fever.
Computed tomographic scan confirmation of paraprosthetic enteric fistula.
Value of computed tomography of the lung in the management of primary spontaneous pneumothorax.
Color Doppler ultrasound imaging in iatrogenic arterial injuries.
Insulinopenia as a risk factor in hepatectomy and its resolution by intraportal insulin administration.
Late follow-up of carotid endarterectomy with venous patch angioplasty.
External annular prosthesis in repair of biliary tract stricture.
Ureteral obstruction after abdominal aortic surgery.
Acute appendicitis in patients with AIDS/HIV infection.
Dexmedetomidine prevents epinephrine-induced arrhythmias through stimulation of central alpha 2 adrenoceptors in halothane-anesthetized dogs.
Recovery of costal and crural diaphragmatic contractility from partial paralysis.
The relationship among canine brain temperature, metabolism, and function during hypothermia.
Systemic toxicity of ropivacaine during ovine pregnancy.
Association of postoperative apnea, airway obstruction, and hypoxemia in former premature infants.
A comparison of the caffeine halothane muscle contracture test with the molecular genetic diagnosis of malignant hyperthermia
Optimum concentration of bupivacaine for combined caudal--general anesthesia in children.
A comparison of the analgesic and respiratory effects of epidural nalbuphine or morphine in postthoracotomy patients.
Intravenous adenosine in the emergency department management of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
High-dose epinephrine improves the return of spontaneous circulation rates in human victims of cardiac arrest.
Correlation of emergency health care use, 911 volume, and jail activity with welfare check distribution.
Comparison of standard external CPR, open-chest CPR, and cardiopulmonary bypass in a canine myocardial infarct model.
Prevalence of HIV antibody in a noninner-city university hospital emergency department.
Median frequency--a new parameter for predicting defibrillation success rate.
Systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as an intracranial bleed.
A longitudinal study of respiratory symptoms in aluminum potroom workers.
Hypercapnic and hypoxic ventilatory responses in parents and siblings of children with congenital central hypoventilation syndrome.
Acute exacerbation of bronchial asthma in children associated with afternoon weather changes.
Immediate and late inflammatory responses to ragweed antigen challenge of the peripheral airways in allergic asthmatics. Cellular, mediator, and permeability changes.
Recurrent parotitis and sialectasis in childhood. Clinical, radiologic, immunologic, bacteriologic, and histologic study.
Endoscopic surgery of the vidian nerve. Preliminary report.
Toxic shock syndrome associated with pharyngitis and submandibular space abscess.
Tinnitus suppression by cochlear implants.
Modifications of the nasal cycle in patients with hypothalamic disorders: Kallmann's syndrome.
Role of quinsy tonsillectomy in the management of peritonsillar abscess.
Intracavernous carotid artery aneurysm presenting as recurrent epistaxis.
Middle ear fluid lysozyme source in experimental pneumococcal otitis media.
Primary tumors of the facial (extracranial) nerve.
Cigarette smoking and flap and full-thickness graft necrosis.
Successful use of topical vitamin E solution in the treatment of nail changes in yellow nail syndrome.
Delayed presentation and treatment of popliteal artery embolism.
Acute appendicitis following blunt abdominal trauma. Incidence or coincidence?
Mineral spirits inhalation associated with hemolysis, pulmonary edema, and ventricular fibrillation.
Placental examination in a clinical setting.
Examination of the early conceptus.
Acute atherosis in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, small-for-gestational-age infants, and diabetes mellitus.
Altered distribution of basic fibroblast growth factor in diabetic retinopathy.
Aminoglycoside toxicity--a survey of retinal specialists. Implications for ocular use.
Hereditary lymphedema and distichiasis.
Immunohistochemistry of Terrien's and Mooren's corneal degeneration.
Effect of massive dose vitamin A on morbidity and mortality in Indian children
Enteroscopic diagnosis of small bowel ulceration in patients receiving non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
Possible involvement of inositol-lipid metabolism in malignant hyperthermia.
Intraoperative death during lumbar discectomy.
Posterior spinal fusion in Sotos' syndrome.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of topical PUVA in persistent palmoplantar pustulosis.
Erythroderma, palmoplantar keratoderma and profound failure to thrive in an infant.
Amnesia following damage to the left fornix and to other sites. A comparative study.
Nerve cell loss in the thalamus in Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Sarcomas of soft tissue and bone.
The relationship of chemotherapeutic and endocrine intervention on natural killer cell activity in human breast cancer.
Breast conservation therapy. Severe breast fibrosis after radiation therapy in patients with collagen vascular disease.
Cytostatic extravasation. A serious complication of long-term venous access.
Erythroleukemia in a child associated with monosomy 7.
Blood and bone marrow eosinophilia in malignant tumors. Role and nature of blood and tissue eosinophil colony-stimulating factor(s) in two patients.
Ki-67 immunostaining in node-negative stage I/II breast carcinoma. Significant correlation with prognosis.
Usefulness of the nude mouse model in mesothelioma based on a direct patient-xenograft comparison.
The value of the tumor marker CA 15-3 in diagnosing and monitoring breast cancer. A comparative study with carcinoembryonic antigen.
Extramedullary blast crisis in chronic myelogenous leukemia. Demonstration of T-cell lineage and Philadelphia chromosome in a paraspinal tumor.
Frequency of the hypercalcemia-leukocytosis syndrome in oral malignancies.
Lack of correlation between histologic findings and response to chemotherapy in metastatic breast cancer.
Primary spinal epidural extraosseous Ewing's sarcoma.
Avascular necrosis of bone in children undergoing allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Scopolamine patch reduces postoperative emesis in paediatric patients following strabismus surgery.
Safety and efficacy of alfentanil and halothane in paediatric surgical patients.
Epidural fentanyl does not influence intravenous PCA requirements in the post-caesarean patient.
Perioperative stroke. Part II: Cardiac surgery and cardiogenic embolic stroke.
The stratification of cardiac surgical procedures according to use of blood products: a retrospective analysis of 1480 cases.
Propranolol pretreatment reduces cardiorespiratory toxicity due to plain, but not epinephrine-containing, intravenous bupivacaine in rats.
Effects of fibrin sealant on tubal anastomosis and adhesion formation.
Rubella susceptibility of an infertile population.
Preimplantation genetics: chromosomes of fragmented human embryos.
Symptom reporting in wanted and unwanted pregnancies.
Assessing the denominator problem in community-oriented primary care.
Culture, illness, and the biopsychosocial model.
Microvascular permeability increases early in the course of acid-induced esophageal injury.
Cell type-dependent effect of phospholipid and cholesterol on bile salt cytotoxicity.
The stomach in liver cirrhosis. Endoscopic, morphological, and clinical correlations.
Rhabdomyolysis and cutaneous necrosis following intravenous vasopressin infusion.
Idiopathic myointimal hyperplasia of mesenteric veins.
Asymptomatic bacterascites: is it spontaneous bacterial peritonitis?
Immunophenotyping of lymphocytes in liver tissue of patients with chronic liver diseases by flow cytometry.
A simple method for biliary-enteric anastomosis and chronic bile diversion in the rat.
Hyperglycemia-induced cholestasis in the isolated perfused rat liver.
Clinical significance of two forms of IgM antibody to hepatitis delta virus.
HBxAg in the liver from carrier patients with chronic hepatitis and cirrhosis.
Increased tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor number in chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
The significance of antibody to hepatitis C virus in patients with chronic hepatitis B.
10 year review of invasive aspergillosis detected at necropsy.
Toxin production by Bacillus pumilus.
Patterns of mortality in sickle cell disease in the United Kingdom.
Congenital sideroblastic anaemia in two girls.
Cachexia and tumour necrosis factor-alpha in cytomegalovirus infection.
Lateral pharyngeal space abscess as a consequence of regional anesthesia.
Reviewing oral leukoplakia: clinical concepts for the 1990s.
Can decision analysis help in the management of giant hemangioma of the liver? [editorial]
Constipation--some provocative thoughts [editorial]
Practice patterns and costs of hospitalization for upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage.
Reversible sustained increase of gastrin and gastric acid secretion in a subgroup of duodenal ulcer patients on long-term treatment with H2 antagonists
Patients with duodenitis have gastric secretory and motor functions like those of duodenal ulcer patients: results of a short-term treatment with ranitidine.
Acute promyelocytic leukemia in Crohn's disease. Case report and review of the literature.
Lichen planus and mesalazine.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the liver causing biliary obstruction. Treatment by biliary stenting with 5-year follow-up.
Detection of tissue injury after extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy of gallstones.
Effect of systemic fibrinogen depletion on intraabdominal abscess formation.
Functional, biochemical, and histopathologic consequences of high-dose interleukin-2 administration in rats.
Pathogenetic mechanism of stroke in non-valvular atrial fibrillation: follow-up of stroke patients with and without atrial fibrillation.
Coronary artery vasoregulation and left ventricular function in patients with angina pectoris-like pain and normal coronary angiograms.
Unusual clinical presentation of malignant histiocytosis in a 70-year-old woman.
Reversible hypertriiodothyroninaemia due to adrenal insufficiency.
L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Pitfalls in the diagnosis of drug smuggler's abdomen.
Azygos vein laceration due to blunt trauma.
Effect of heroin in decomposing tissues on the development rate of Boettcherisca peregrina (Diptera, Sarcophagidae) and implications of this effect on estimation of postmortem intervals using arthropod development patterns.
Determination of postmortem interval by arthropod succession: a case study from the Hawaiian Islands.
Entrapment of a cat in a new-style pet food container.
High-dose cytarabine for intensification of early therapy of childhood acute myeloid leukemia: a Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Clinical relevance of tumor cell ploidy and N-myc gene amplification in childhood neuroblastoma: a Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Changing pattern of pulmonary metastases with adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with osteosarcoma: results from the multiinstitutional osteosarcoma study.
Prevention of cisplatin-induced emesis: a double-blind multicenter randomized crossover study comparing ondansetron and ondansetron plus dexamethasone.
Interleukin-2 toxicity.
Chronic prosthetic vascular graft infection visualized with technetium-99m-hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime-labeled leukocytes
Ventricular arrhythmias in children with an apparently normal heart.
Clindamycin treatment of chronic pharyngeal carriage of group A streptococci.
Comparison of morphine and methadone for prevention of postoperative pain in 3- to 7-year-old children.
Near normalization of adolescent height with growth hormone therapy in very short children without growth hormone deficiency.
Acute illness in maple syrup urine disease: dynamics of protein metabolism and implications for management.
Cerebral edema causing death in children with maple syrup urine disease.
C-reactive protein as an index of disease activity. Comparison of tenidap, cyclophosphamide and dexamethasone in rat adjuvant arthritis.
The time course of acute psychiatric episodes in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Natural anticoagulants in systemic lupus erythematosus. Deficiency of protein S bound to C4bp associates with recent history of venous thromboses, antiphospholipid antibodies, and the antiphospholipid syndrome.
Hemobilia due to vasculitis of the gall bladder in a patient with mixed connective tissue disease.
Chronic central nervous system effects of acute organophosphate pesticide intoxication. The Pesticide Health Effects Study Group.
Neurologic aspects of cobalamin deficiency.
Secondary systemic amyloidosis: response and survival in 64 patients.
Diagnosis and monitoring of subarachnoid hemorrhage by transcranial color-coded real-time sonography.
Venous thromboembolism after brain tumor surgery: a retrospective review.
Anterior transpetrosal-transtentorial approach for sphenopetroclival meningiomas: surgical method and results in 10 patients.
Prolonged lumbar spinal drainage after the resection of tumors of the skull base: a cautionary note.
Aneurysm of the distal anterior inferior cerebellar artery unrelated to the cerebellopontine angle: case report.
Successful management of an adult lightning victim using intracranial pressure monitoring.
Cramp-fasciculation syndrome: a treatable hyperexcitable peripheral nerve disorder.
Magnetic resonance imaging shows specific abnormalities in the MELAS syndrome.
Dominantly inherited mitochondrial myopathy with multiple deletions of mitochondrial DNA: clinical, morphologic, and biochemical studies.
Epidemiologic correlates of sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Cervical dystonia: clinical findings and associated movement disorders.
Usefulness of a writing device in writer's cramp.
Intrathecal baclofen for intractable axial dystonia.
Fatal tonsillar herniation in pseudotumor cerebri.
The risk of seizure recurrence following a first unprovoked seizure: a quantitative review.
Oral magnesium successfully relieves premenstrual mood changes.
Chronic ulcerations following topical therapy with 5-fluorouracil for vaginal human papillomavirus-associated lesions.
Morbidity and vaginal tubal cautery: a report and review.
In vitro studies of uterine electrosurgery.
Pulmonary function of preeclamptic women receiving intravenous magnesium sulfate seizure prophylaxis.
Extremely high maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels at second-trimester screening.
Elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and mild fetal uropathy.
Thumbtack use for control of presacral bleeding, with description of an instrument for thumbtack application.
Association of exotoxin-producing group A streptococci and severe disease in children.
Perspectives on human response to health and illness.
A donor splice mutation and a single-base deletion produce two carboxyl-terminal variants of human serum albumin.
A cell cycle-responsive transcriptional control element and a negative control element in the gene encoding DNA polymerase alpha in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Determination of the c-MYC DNA-binding site.
Loss of both CSF1R (FMS) alleles in patients with myelodysplasia and a chromosome 5 deletion.
p53 in chronic myelogenous leukemia in acute phase.
Predicting chemically induced duodenal ulcer and adrenal necrosis with classification trees.
Tissue injury caused by deposition of immune complexes is L-arginine dependent.
Bowel obstruction: evaluation with CT
Giant, human immunodeficiency virus-related ulcers in the esophagus.
Hepatic colorectal metastases: correlation of MR imaging and pathologic appearance.
Endoscopy as an adjuvant to biliary radiologic intervention.
Thermal ablation of the gallbladder.
Renal artery stenosis: preliminary results of treatment with the Strecker stent.
Changes in portal blood flow consequent to partial hepatectomy: Doppler estimation.
Lower-extremity vascular grafts placed for peripheral vascular disease: prospective evaluation with duplex Doppler sonography.
Endometrial thickness after menopause: effect of hormone replacement
Stricture disease: radiology of urethral stents.
Impassable ureteral strictures: management with percutaneous ureteroneocystostomy.
Occult metastatic neck disease: detection with US and US-guided fine-needle aspiration cytology.
Multiple sclerosis: histopathologic and MR and/or CT correlation in 37 cases at biopsy and three cases at autopsy.
Renal atrophy or infarction in children with neuroblastoma.
Low-back pain and disk degeneration in children: a case-control MR imaging study.
Low-back pain in adolescent athletes: detection of stress injury to the pars interarticularis with SPECT.
Meniscal tears: MR and arthrographic findings after arthroscopic repair.
Osteomyelitis: characteristics and pitfalls of diagnosis with MR imaging.
US-guided venipuncture for venography in the edematous leg.
CT-guided percutaneous transpedicular biopsy of the spine.
Malignant biliary obstruction complicated by ascites: transjugular insertion of an expandable metallic endoprosthesis.
Colorectal surgery: short-term prophylaxis with clindamycin plus aztreonam or gentamicin.
Multicenter trial of prophylaxis with clindamycin plus aztreonam or cefotaxime in gynecologic surgery.
Aztreonam monotherapy as prophylaxis in transurethral resection of the prostate: a multicenter study.
Spectrum of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in immunocompetent patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Noncardiac chest pain in patients with heart disease.
Outpatient liver biopsy: one man's experience.
Myocardial calcifications in neonates and infants: a unique tissue reaction.
The paradox of 'chronic unstable angina' secondary to an organizing intracoronary thrombus [published erratum appears in South Med J 1991 Sep;84(9):1074, 1160]
Dental chair apoplexy.
A rare cause of parastomal hernia: stomach herniation.
Recurrent abdominal pain due to chronic appendiceal disease.
Hemorrhagic cardioembolic stroke: is anticoagulation absolutely contraindicated?
Talc granulomatosis presenting as spontaneous pneumothorax.
Bilateral diaphragm paralysis after cardiac surgery with topical hypothermia.
Effects of allergy and age on responses to salbutamol and ipratropium bromide in moderate asthma and chronic bronchitis.
Rare intrathoracic complications in acute pancreatitis.
Urinary retention--an unusual dystonic reaction to continuous metoclopramide infusion.
The expression of CD22 (Leu 14) and CD11c (LeuM5) in chronic lymphoproliferative disorders using two-color flow cytometric analysis.
Clonal immunoglobulin gene rearrangement in the infarcted lymph node syndrome.
The opacity of portal hypertension-related ascites correlates with the fluid's triglyceride concentration.
Aberrant MT2 positivity distinguishes follicular lymphoma from reactive follicular hyperplasia in B5- and formalin-fixed paraffin sections.
Pharmacodynamic parameters and toxicity of netilmicin (6 milligrams/kilogram/day) given once daily or in three divided doses to cancer patients with urinary tract infection.
Ceftazidime as monotherapy or combined with teicoplanin for initial empiric treatment of presumed bacteremia in febrile granulocytopenic patients.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia after heart transplantation.
Influence of allopurinol on cardiac complications in open heart operations.
Internal mammary artery to lung parenchyma fistula after aortocoronary bypass grafting.
New method for dealing with late-presenting spontaneous esophageal ruptures.
Mechanical cardiac valvular prostheses.
Bilateral internal mammary artery grafts in reoperative and primary coronary bypass surgery
Composite graft repair of Marfan aneurysm of the ascending aorta: results in 100 patients.
Ultrasonic decalcification of the aortic annulus during aortic valve replacement.
Clinical spectrum of bronchogenic cysts of the mediastinum and lung in the adult.
Mitral valve repair in the extensively calcified mitral valve annulus.
Management of ventricular septal defect with associated aortic incompetence.
Prevention of retrovirus infection after injury with contaminated instruments: an experimental study.
Influence of type of prosthesis on late results after combined mitral-aortic valve replacement.
Emergency esophagogastrectomy for treatment of hydrochloric acid injury.
Caffeine self-administration, withdrawal, and adverse effects among coffee drinkers.
Influence of anesthesiology residents' noncognitive skills on the occurrence of critical incidents and the residents' overall clinical performances.
Mechanism of cyclosporine-induced hypertension.
Effects of interleukin-4 and interleukin-6 on the proliferation of CD34+ and CD34- blasts from acute myelogenous leukemia.
Constitutive expression and role in growth regulation of interleukin-1 and multiple cytokine receptors in a biphenotypic leukemic cell line.
C4b-binding protein exacerbates the host response to Escherichia coli.
DEGR-factor Xa blocks disseminated intravascular coagulation initiated by Escherichia coli without preventing shock or organ damage.
Chimeric BCR-abl messenger RNA as a marker for minimal residual disease in patients transplanted for Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Clinical and biologic features of childhood T-cell leukemia with the t(11;14).
Use of a guideline based questionnaire to audit hospital care of acute asthma.
Duplex sonography in splenomegaly.
Characterisation of inflammatory cells associated with "idiopathic retroperitoneal fibrosis".
Study of the seminal vesicles in acute epididymitis.
Urological aspects of Behcet's disease.
Treatment of organic impotence.
Pathophysiology of ischaemia reperfusion injury: central role of the neutrophil.
Endothelial cell seeding.
Results of the Duhamel operation in the treatment of idiopathic megarectum and megacolon.
Strategy for management of distal ileal Crohn's disease.
Perineal excision of the rectum for prolapse in the elderly.
Anismus in patients with normal and slow transit constipation.
Relationship between outlet obstruction constipation and obstructed urinary flow.
Suture length to wound length ratio and the integrity of midline and lateral paramedian incisions.
Severe late postsplenectomy infection.
Deep vein thrombosis: effect of graduated compression stockings on distension of the deep veins of the calf.
Combined portal vein and liver resection for carcinoma of the biliary tract.
Intra-arterial streptokinase infusion in acute lower limb ischaemia.
Recent trends in acute care hospital utilization in Ontario for diseases of the circulatory system.
Evaluation of salvage surgery in heavily irradiated cancer of the buccal mucosa.
Oral contraceptive-associated liver cell adenoma and hepatocellular carcinoma. Cytomorphology and mechanism of malignant transformation.
The importance of surface immunoglobulin, mouse rosettes, and CD5 in the immunophenotyping of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and reactive lymphocytosis.
Sarcomatous change in a teratoma after treatment of testicular carcinoma.
Coronary artery narrowing due to extrinsic compression by myocardial abscess.
Successful angioplasty of a chronically occluded saphenous vein graft using a prolonged urokinase infusion from the brachial route.
Multiple coronary artery-left ventricular fistulae: clinical, angiographic, and pathologic findings.
Congestive heart failure secondary to an arteriovenous fistula from cardiac catheterization and angioplasty.
Childhood haemangiomas of the head and neck.
Hearing aid prescribing: is the specialist opinion necessary?
Nasal hyper-responsiveness to histamine, methacholine and phentolamine in patients with perennial non-allergic rhinitis and in patients with infectious rhinitis.
The influence of exercise-induced temperature elevations on the auditory brain-stem response (ABR).
Medical treatment of chronic otitis media: steroid or antibiotic with steroid ear-drops?
Temporal bone findings in a family with branchio-oto-renal syndrome (BOR).
The cosmetic effects of submucous resection.
The persistence of symptoms in patients with globus pharyngis.
Dual effects of N-ethylmaleimide on ethanol-induced gastric lesions in rats.
Dopamine agonists prevent duodenal ulcer relapse. A comparative study with famotidine and cimetidine.
Gastrointestinal transit of solid-liquid meal in chronic alcoholics.
Clinical pathology of endocrine tumors of the pancreas. Analysis of autopsy cases.
An approach to pediatric trauma. Unique anatomic and pathophysiologic aspects of the pediatric patient.
Mother and child. Trauma in pregnancy.
Dehydration syndromes. Oral rehydration and fluid replacement.
Nontraumatic surgical emergencies in children.
Cocultures: a new lead in embryo quality improvement for assisted reproduction.
Failed in vitro fertilization of human oocytes: a cytogenetic analysis.
Internal jugular vein thrombosis after ovulation induction with gonadotropins.
Sperm chromosomes and habitual abortion.
A randomized comparison of multipolar electrocoagulation and injection sclerosis for the treatment of bleeding peptic ulcer.
A randomized comparative study of laser photocoagulation, heater probe, and bipolar electrocoagulation in the treatment of actively bleeding ulcers.
Effect of hemostatic agents in canine gastric serosal blood vessels.
Limited benefit of atropine as premedication for colonoscopy.
Laser laparoscopic vagotomy and pyloromyotomy.
Endoscopic sphincterotomy complications and their management: an attempt at consensus.
Respiratory problems in emergence from anesthesia.
Headache spectrum in Arnold-Chiari malformation.
Recurrent classic migraine attacks following transdermal scopolamine intoxication.
Short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection, tearing, etc. (SUNCT): III. Another Norwegian case.
Shower versus sink bath: evaluation of heart rate, blood pressure, and subjective response of the patient with myocardial infarction.
Percutaneous posterolateral lumbar discectomy and decompression with a 6.9-millimeter cannula. Analysis of operative failures and complications.
Survivorship analysis of the uncemented porous-coated anatomic knee replacement [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Sep;73(8):1274]
Failure of centralization of the fibula for congenital longitudinal deficiency of the tibia.
The effect of an extra-articular procedure on allograft reconstructions for chronic ruptures of the anterior cruciate ligament.
The role of supplemental lag-screw fixation for open fractures of the tibial shaft treated with external fixation.
Instability of the cervical spine after decompression in patients who have Arnold-Chiari malformation.
Arthrodesis of the knee with an intramedullary nail.
The initiation of failure in cemented femoral components of hip arthroplasties.
Metal wear and tissue response in failed titanium alloy total hip replacements.
Revision total hip arthroplasty for aseptic failure. A review of 276 cases.
Corrosion of modular hip prostheses.
Rhabdomyolysis following total hip arthroplasty.
Revision osteoarticular allograft transplantation in weight-bearing joints. A clinical review.
Pseudarthrosis of the scaphoid treated by the Matti-Russe operation. A long-term review of 77 cases.
Total replacement for post-traumatic arthritis of the elbow.
End-stage avascular necrosis of bone in renal transplant patients. The natural history.
Combined intertrochanteric and Chiari pelvic osteotomies for hip dysplasia.
Problems encountered in leg shortening.
Classifying calcaneal tendon injury according to MRI findings.
Reexamination of the blood lymphocyte transformation test in the diagnosis of chronic beryllium disease.
Retrospective analysis of the incidence of pulmonary disease in hypogammaglobulinemia.
Underdiagnosis and poor documentation of acute confusional states in elderly hip fracture patients.
Use of life-sustaining care for the elderly.
Hyperdiploidy and trisomy of chromosome 15 in peritoneal macrophages of hyperimmune, older Swiss mice.
Causes and correlates of recurrent falls in ambulatory frail elderly.
Platelet-activating factor produces shock, in vivo complement activation, and tissue injury in mice.
Site-directed mutagenesis of the region around Cys-241 of complement component C2. Evidence for a C4b binding site.
Eosinophil activation on biologic surfaces. Production of O2- in response to physiologic soluble stimuli is differentially modulated by extracellular matrix components and endothelial cells.
Molecular characterization of the mouse mannose-binding proteins. The mannose-binding protein A but not C is an acute phase reactant.
C5a, cutaneous mast cells, and inflammation: in vitro and in vivo studies in a murine model.
Mastoid surgery at the Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital 1986-1988.
Treatment of chronic mastoiditis by grafting of mastoid cavities with autologous epithelial layers generated by in vitro culture of buccal epithelium.
Mastoid obliteration with the temporoparietal fascia flap.
High recovery of Haemophilus influenzae and group A streptococci in recurrent tonsillar infection or hypertrophy as compared with normal tonsils.
Peritonsillar abscess: risk of disease in the remaining tonsil after unilateral tonsillectomy a chaud.
Staging carcinoma: its value in cancer of the larynx.
Emergency laryngectomy.
Eyelid gold weights in the management of facial palsy.
Tegmental dehiscence and brain herniation into the middle ear cleft.
Fatal human cyclical neutropenia with unresolving tonsillitis and bilateral cervical abscesses.
Aberrant central venous catheter complicating radical neck dissection.
Lingual thyroid: the diagnostic value of magnetic resonance imaging.
Kikuchi's necrotising lymphadenitis.
Human immunodeficiency virus-related lymphomas: a possible association between tumor proliferation, lack of ploidy anomalies, and immune deficiency
Risk of adverse events in children completing treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia: St. Jude Total Therapy studies VIII, IX, and X.
N-myc genomic content and DNA ploidy in stage IVS neuroblastoma.
Treatment of advanced-stage Hodgkin's disease: alternating noncrossresistant MOPP/CABS is not superior to MOPP.
CHLVPP chemotherapy with involved-field irradiation for Hodgkin's disease: favorable results with acceptable toxicity.
Double intensive consolidation chemotherapy in adult acute myeloid leukemia.
Intensive therapy for small-cell lung cancer using carboplatin alternating with cisplatin, ifosfamide, etoposide, mid-cycle vincristine, and radiotherapy.
Prospective evaluation of unilateral adrenal masses in patients with operable non-small-cell lung cancer.
Objective antitumor activity of acivicin in patients with recurrent CNS malignancies: a Southwest Oncology Group trial.
Endovascular treatment of intracerebral arteriovenous malformations: experience in 49 cases.
Grafting of perfused adrenal medullary tissue into the caudate nucleus of patients with Parkinson's disease. Clinica Puerta de Hierro Neural Transplantation Group.
Head-injured patients who talk and deteriorate into coma. Analysis of 211 cases studied with computerized tomography.
Clipping of an aneurysm 20 years after encasement with methyl methacrylate. Case report.
Cervicomedullary junction decompression in a case of Marshall-Smith syndrome. Case report.
Symptomatic xanthogranuloma of choroid plexus with unilateral hydrocephalus. Case report.
Subcutaneous metoclopramide in the treatment of symptomatic gastroparesis: clinical efficacy and pharmacokinetics.
Beneficial effects of yohimbine on posthypoxic recovery of cardiac function and myocardial metabolism in isolated perfused rabbit hearts.
Nongynecologic somatic pathology in women with chronic pelvic pain and negative laparoscopy.
Interrelation of analgesia and uterine activity in women with primary dysmenorrhea. A preliminary report.
Hyperemesis gravidarum. A comparison of single and multiple admissions.
Lichen sclerosus and squamous hyperplasia of the vulva. A clinical study of medical treatment.
Ultrasound diagnosis of an obstructive cardiac rhabdomyoma with severe hydrops and hypoplastic lungs. A case report.
Early orthopedic intervention in burn patients with major fractures.
Elective intrahospital admissions versus acute interhospital transfers to a surgical intensive care unit: cost and outcome prediction.
Colloid oncotic pressure and body water dynamics in septic and injured patients.
Quality assurance for patients with head injuries admitted to a regional trauma unit.
Incidence of abnormal RNA studies and dysrhythmias in patients with blunt chest trauma.
Autologous fibrin gel: bactericidal properties in contaminated hepatic injury.
Molecular epidemiology and the genetics of environmental cancer.
Extrapleural pneumonectomy, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy in the treatment of diffuse malignant pleural mesothelioma.
Anatomic correction of transposition of the great arteries with ventricular septal defect. Experience with 118 cases.
Carinal resection for bronchogenic carcinoma.
Acquired tracheal stenosis in infants and children.
Endothoracic endoesophageal pull-through operation. A new approach to cancers of the esophagus and proximal stomach.
Comparison of the aortic homograft and the pulmonary autograft for aortic valve or root replacement in children.
Cold cerebroplegia. A new technique of cerebral protection during operations on the transverse aortic arch.
Are concomitant surgical procedures acceptable in patients undergoing cervical exploration for primary hyperparathyroidism?
Maintenance therapy in peptic ulcer disease.
Helicobacter pylori: aggressor or innocent bystander?
Use of endoscopy in peptic ulcer disease.
Cytoprotection and stress ulceration.
Some perspectives on peptic ulcer.
Prevention of neural tube defects: results of the Medical Research Council Vitamin Study. MRC Vitamin Study Research Group.
Serum iron and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
Prolonged QT interval and risk of sudden death in South-East Asian men.
High fecundity of amenorrhoeic women in embryo-transfer programmes.
Body composition in ballet dancers measured by total body electrical conductivity.
Acute inflammation: the underlying mechanism in delayed onset muscle soreness?
Norepinephrine response to exercise of rats with a chronic myocardial infarction.
Analysis of inflammatory cells and complement C3 in bupivacaine-induced myonecrosis.
A technique for needle localization in paraspinal muscles with cadaveric confirmation.
Glaucoma filtration surgery: new horizontal mattress closure of conjunctival incision.
Diagnostic imaging of musculoskeletal infection. Roentgenography; gallium, indium-labeled white blood cell, gammaglobulin, bone scintigraphy; and MRI.
Osteomyelitis. The Ilizarov perspective.
The effect of chronic orthopedic infection on quality of life.
Renal abscess in childhood: diagnostic and therapeutic progress.
Stimulation of healing of chronic wounds by epidermal growth factor.
Pathophysiology of cleft lip muscles following the initial surgical repair.
Microsurgical free-tissue transfer in the elderly patient.
Impedance plethysmography: a new method for continuous muscle perfusion monitoring.
The muscle flap in the treatment of chronic lower extremity osteomyelitis: results in patients over 5 years after treatment.
Chronic wounds and delusions of parasitosis in the drug abuser.
A simple technique for closure of a palatal fistula using a conchal cartilage graft.
The natural history of diabetic femoral neuropathy
IgM-associated primary diffuse mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis: natural history and prognostic indicators.
Stress hormone and blood glucose response following acute stroke in the elderly.
Diagnosis of cerebral amyloid angiopathy by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay of cystatin C in cerebrospinal fluid.
Clinical significance of the V-shaped space in the subluxed shoulder of hemiplegics.
Microangiopathy of the brain, retina, and ear: improvement without immunosuppressive therapy.
Blood warming: current applications and techniques.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy: evolution, early results, and impact on nonsurgical gallstone therapies
Broncholithiasis: CT features in 15 patients.
Lipid cyst: classic and atypical appearances.
MR imaging of the portal venous system: value of gradient-echo imaging as an adjunct to spin-echo imaging.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis.
John Caffey Award paper. Avascular necrosis: early MR imaging and histologic findings in a canine model.
Hydrops fetalis in the McKusick-Kaufman syndrome: a case report.
Correlation between sexual abuse and somatization in women with somatic and nonsomatic chronic pelvic pain.
The effect of the inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis on renal blood flow in fetal sheep.
A reappraisal of the coelomic metaplasia theory by reviewing endometriosis occurring in unusual sites and instances.
Relationship between the onset of dysmenorrhea and histologic findings in adenomyosis.
Twin delivery: influence of the presentation and method of delivery on the second twin.
Extensive pulmonary embolism presenting as severe adult respiratory distress syndrome after surgical resection of a cornual pregnancy.
Recurrence of ectopic pregnancy: the role of salpingitis.
A life-threatening sexually transmitted Haemophilus influenzae in septic abortion: a case report.
The effect of trisomy 18 on transverse cerebellar diameter.
Elective versus emergency cesarean hysterectomy cases in a residency program setting: a review of 129 cases from 1984 to 1988.
Selective amplification of periportal transitional cells precedes formation of hepatocellular carcinoma in SV40 large tag transgenic mice.
Tumor necrosis factor receptors in lymphoid tissues and lymphomas. Source and site of action of tumor necrosis factor alpha.
A review of 32 cases of tardive dystonia.
Fluoxetine in the treatment of borderline and schizotypal personality disorders.
Knowledge of diagnosis and reproductive history among survivors of childhood plumbism.
Effect of intravenously administered dexmedetomidine on pain after laparoscopic tubal ligation.
Effect of prior anesthetic solution on epidural morphine analgesia.
Comparison of continuous epidural bupivacaine infusion plus either continuous epidural infusion or patient-controlled epidural injection of fentanyl for postoperative analgesia.
Serum levels of Hyskon during hysteroscopic procedures.
Blunt traumatic bladder rupture: the role of retrograde cystogram.
An evaluation of pulse oximetry in prehospital care.
Efficacy and safety of prehospital rewarming techniques to treat accidental hypothermia.
Successful epicardial pacing in blunt trauma resuscitation.
Ruptured interstitial pregnancy presenting as an intrauterine pregnancy by ultrasound.
Aminophylline therapy for acute bronchospastic disease in the emergency room
Cocaine and chest pain: clinical features and outcome of patients hospitalized to rule out myocardial infarction.
Lack of ciprofloxacin ototoxicity after repeated ototopical application.
Prospective randomized evaluation of ciprofloxacin versus piperacillin plus amikacin for empiric antibiotic therapy of febrile granulocytopenic cancer patients with lymphomas and solid tumors. The European Organization for Research on Treatment of Cancer International Antimicrobial Therapy Cooperative Group.
Comparative evaluation of loracarbef and amoxicillin-clavulanate for acute otitis media.
The role of tagged red blood cell imaging in the localization of gastrointestinal bleeding.
Extracorporeal lithotripsy. An important adjunct in the nonoperative management of retained or recurrent bile duct stones.
Biliary pancreatitis. Operative outcome with a selective approach.
Surgical evaluation of Henoch-Schonlein purpura. Experience with 110 children.
Acute diverticulitis. A complicated problem in the immunocompromised patient.
Surveillance for recurrent stenosis after endovascular procedures. A prospective study.
Management of infected aortoiliac aneurysms.
Dipyridamole thallium scanning in the evaluation of coronary artery disease in elective abdominal aortic surgery.
Concomitant benefit of preoperative irradiation in preventing pancreas fistula formation after pancreatoduodenectomy.
Bleeding peptic ulcer after abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery.
DuP 753 increases survival in spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats fed a high sodium diet.
An acquired interatrial fistula secondary to para-aortic abscess documented by transesophageal echocardiography.
ECMO in premature infants. Review of factors associated with mortality.
A comparative analysis of mass transport models in peritoneal dialysis.
Childhood blindness in the Republic of Ireland: a national survey.
Treatable blindness in temporal arteritis.
Bilateral retinal artery occlusion due to mitral valve prolapse.
Late onset endophthalmitis associated with intraocular lens: a case of molecularly proved S. epidermidis aetiology.
Can computer aided teaching packages improve clinical care in patients with acute abdominal pain?
Impact of variability among surgeons on postoperative morbidity and mortality and ultimate survival.
Twenty five years of case finding and audit in a socially deprived community.
"Heartstart Scotland"--initial experience of a national scheme for out of hospital defibrillation.
Siriraj stroke score and validation study to distinguish supratentorial intracerebral haemorrhage from infarction.
Complications of pregnancy and delivery in relation to psychosis in adult life: data from the British perinatal mortality survey sample.
A phase II evaluation of menogaril in cisplatin-refractory advanced ovarian carcinoma. A collaborative trial of the North Central Cancer Treatment Group and the Mayo Clinic.
Increased survival, limb preservation, and prognostic factors for osteosarcoma.
Limb salvage surgery for bone and soft tissue sarcoma. A phase II pathologic study of preoperative intraarterial cisplatin.
Lymphomatous presentation of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A subgroup at high risk of early treatment failure.
The clinical and endocrine outcome to trans-sphenoidal microsurgery of nonsecreting pituitary adenomas.
The value of estrogen and progesterone receptor determinations in advanced breast cancer. Estrogen receptor level but not progesterone receptor level correlates with response to tamoxifen.
DNA ploidy and cell kinetic measurements as predictors of recurrence and survival in stages B2 and C colorectal adenocarcinoma.
Urinary pepsinogen I as a tumor marker of stomach cancer after total gastrectomy.
Leiomyosarcoma arising in atypical fibromuscular hyperplasia (phyllodes tumor) of the prostate with distant metastasis.
Golf for the mature athlete.
Cycling and the older athlete.
Wegener's granulomatosis with renal involvement: patient survival and correlations between initial renal function, renal histology, therapy and renal outcome.
Local anesthesia blocks the antiemetic action of P6 acupuncture.
Enhancement of ischaemic rabbit skin flap survival with the antioxidant and free-radical scavenger N-acetylcysteine.
Surgical repair of rectovaginal fistulas in patients with Crohn's disease: transvaginal approach.
Pilonidal disease: 25 cases treated by the Dufourmentel technique.
Consequences of ileal pouch-anal anastomosis for Crohn's colitis.
Pouchitis--is it a wastebasket diagnosis?
Manometric and radiologic investigations and biofeedback treatment of chronic idiopathic anal pain.
Physiologic and anatomic assessment of patients with rectocele.
Use of the optical urethrotome knife in the treatment of a benign low rectal anastomotic stricture.
Peritoneal seeding following potentially curative resection of colonic carcinoma: implications for adjuvant therapy.
Endoscopic injection sclerosis: effective treatment for bleeding peptic ulcer.
Relation of upper gastrointestinal bleeding to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and aspirin: a case-control study.
Enhanced gastric mucosal haemostasis after upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage.
Cancer occurrence in a cohort of patients surgically treated for peptic ulcer.
Small bowel tumours: yield of enteroscopy.
Prospective hospital based study on persistent diarrhoea.
Biology of pancreatic cancer.
Expression of intrahepatic hepatitis D viral antigen in chronic hepatitis D virus infection.
Comparison of IgG antibody profiles by immunoblotting in patients with acute and previous Toxoplasma gondii infection.
Endocardial fibroelastosis in infants with hydrops fetalis.
Vessel associated adhesion molecules in normal skin and acute graft-versus-host disease.
Haemorrhagic colitis and haemolytic-uraemic syndrome: false positive reaction with a rotavirus latex agglutination test.
The physician's responsibilities: residua and sequelae.
Prevalence and prognostic significance of silent and symptomatic ischemia after coronary bypass surgery: a report from the Coronary Artery Surgery Study (CASS) randomized population.
Clinical, physiologic, anatomic and procedural factors predictive of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Influence of balloon size and stenosis morphology on immediate and delayed elastic recoil after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Percutaneous transluminal balloon angioplasty of stenotic standard Blalock-Taussig shunts: effect on choice of initial palliation in cyanotic congenital heart disease.
Repetitive sinoatrial exit block as the major mechanism of drug-provoked long sinus or atrial pause.
Acute respiratory viral infections in ambulatory children of urban northeast Brazil.
Protection from rotavirus reinfection: 2-year prospective study.
Enteropathogens associated with acute diarrheal disease in urban infants in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
An outbreak of Escherichia coli O157:H7 colitis associated with consumption of precooked meat patties.
A temperature-dependent rabbit model for production of dermal lesions by Haemophilus ducreyi.
Comparative safety, tolerance, and pharmacokinetics of amphotericin B lipid complex and amphotericin B desoxycholate in healthy male volunteers.
Site-dependent postmortem changes in blood cocaine concentrations.
The eyes of child abuse victims: autopsy findings.
Comparison of insect species associated with decomposing remains recovered inside dwellings and outdoors on the island of Oahu, Hawaii.
Cocaine, fetal loss, and the role of the forensic pathologist.
Fatal acetaminophen poisoning with evidence of subendocardial necrosis of the heart.
Individualization and enamel histology: a case report in forensic anthropology.
Discontinuation of lithium treatment in remitted bipolar patients: relationship between clinical outcome and changes in sleep-wake cycles.
A community-based study of incidence, risk factors and outcome of transient ischaemic attacks in Umbria, Italy: the SEPIVAC study.
Sudden death and paroxysmal autonomic dysfunction in stiff-man syndrome.
Smoking and hypertension: risk factors for carotid stenosis.
In vitro maturation of mononuclear phagocytes and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection.
A rare complement component C4 restriction fragment length polymorphism in two families with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Hypertrophic repair of canine articular cartilage in osteoarthritis after anterior cruciate ligament transection.
The effects of cyclobenzaprine on sleep physiology and symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia.
Evaluation and treatment of blunt renal trauma.
Comparative studies of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy by Dornier HM3, EDAP LT 01 and Sonolith 2000 devices.
Sonographic visualization of the ureter in pregnancy.
Ileal segment for ureteral substitution or for improvement of ureteral function.
Optimization of replacement of the ureter by ileum.
Neobladder construction using completely detubularized sigmoid colon after radical cystoprostatectomy.
Particle shedding and migration from silicone genitourinary prosthetic devices.
Analyses of 200 lymphadenectomies in patients with penile carcinoma.
Quantitative testicular biopsy in spinal cord injured men: comparison to fertile controls.
Refractory chronic bacterial prostatitis: a re-evaluation of ciprofloxacin treatment after a median followup of 30 months.
Effect of temporary occlusion of hypogastric arteries on blood loss during radical retropubic prostatectomy.
The long-term results of artificial sphincters in children.
Adrenal hemangioma: an unusual adrenal mass delineated with magnetic resonance imaging.
Noninvasive radiological diagnosis of renal vein thrombosis in renal transplantation.
Renal pelvic explosion during conservative management of upper tract urothelial cancer.
Cytomegalovirus epididymitis following renal transplantation.
Prostatic abscess after transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy.
Congenital keratinizing desquamative squamous epithelium of the entire urinary tract.
Injury to the pre-pubertal vas deferens. I. Histological analysis of pre-pubertal human vas.
Identification of spirochetes related to Treponema pallidum in necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis and chronic periodontitis.
Rapid loss of vertebral mineral density after renal transplantation.
A controlled trial comparing foscarnet with vidarabine for acyclovir-resistant mucocutaneous herpes simplex in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. The AIDS Clinical Trials Group.
Measurement of sound.
Basic hearing tests.
Behavioral audiometry.
Pseudohypacusis.
Hearing aid evaluation and fitting.
Aural rehabilitation.
The abdomen, thigh, and arm as sites for subcutaneous sodium heparin injections.
Deleted HTLV-I provirus in blood and cutaneous lesions of patients with mycosis fungoides.
A component of calcium-activated potassium channels encoded by the Drosophila slo locus.
Selective inhibition of leukemia cell proliferation by BCR-ABL antisense oligodeoxynucleotides.
Differentiation of 3T3-L1 fibroblasts to adipocytes induced by transfection of ras oncogenes.
Endothelium-dependent contraction and relaxation of the human and canine internal mammary artery: studies on bypass graft vasospasm.
Effects of distention and short-term grafting on vasoreactivity in rabbit external jugular veins.
Cholestasis without cirrhosis alters regulatory liver gene expression and inhibits hepatic regeneration.
Induction of the protooncogene c-fos and recovery of cytosolic adenosine triphosphate in reperfused liver after transient warm ischemia: effect of nitrone free-radical spin-trap agents.
Pentoxifylline inhibits interleukin-2-induced leukocyte-endothelial adherence and reduces systemic toxicity.
Anti-CD18 antibody attenuates neutropenia and alveolar capillary-membrane injury during gram-negative sepsis.
A CD18 monoclonal antibody increases the incidence and severity of subcutaneous abscess formation after high-dose Staphylococcus aureus injection in rabbits.
Evidence for a new tumor-suppressor gene involved in gastrointestinal malignancies.
Pentoxifylline restores intestinal microvascular blood flow during resuscitated hemorrhagic shock.
Diltiazem administration after crystalloid resuscitation restores active hepatocellular function and hepatic blood flow after severe hemorrhagic shock.
Red cell deformability is an early indicator of infection.
Autotransplantation of dispersed pancreatic islet tissue combined with total or near-total pancreatectomy for treatment of chronic pancreatitis.
Insights into the mechanisms of defective antigen presentation after hemorrhage.
Prevalence of asthma among 12 year old children in New Zealand and South Wales: a comparative survey.
Cephalometric measurements in snorers, non-snorers, and patients with sleep apnoea.
Left bronchial isomerism associated with bronchomalacia, presenting with intractable wheeze.
Preventive therapy for malaria.
Temper tantrums.
Early angioplasty in patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated by hypotension.
Intraaortic balloon pumping as the postangioplasty strategy in acute myocardial infarction.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty of the left coronary artery in patients with chronic occlusion of the right coronary artery: clinical and functional results.
Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty involving internal mammary artery grafts.
Effect of the degree of effort on exercise echocardiography for the detection of restenosis after coronary artery angioplasty.
Heart rate response during exercise testing and ambulatory ECG monitoring in patients with syndrome X.
Late potentials are unaltered by ventricular filling pressure reduction in heart failure.
Frequency of deep venous thrombosis in asymptomatic patients with coronary artery bypass grafts.
Left ventricular outflow obstruction resulting from insertion of mitral prostheses leaving the native leaflets intact: adverse clinical outcome in seven patients.
Transesophageal color Doppler echocardiography of the normal St. Jude Medical mitral valve prosthesis.
Usefulness of transesophageal echocardiography in the diagnosis of conditions mimicking aortic dissection.
Intractable heart failure despite angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, digoxin, and diuretics: long-term effectiveness of add-on therapy with pimobendan.
Initial clinical experience with a 48 by 48 element biplane transesophageal probe.
Antiischemic and metabolic effects of glutamate during pacing in patients with stable angina pectoris secondary to either coronary artery disease or syndrome X.
Angiographically assessed coronary arterial patency and reocclusion in patients with acute myocardial infarction treated with anistreplase: results of the anistreplase reocclusion multicenter study (ARMS).
Comparative efficacy and safety of bepridil and diltiazem in chronic stable angina pectoris refractory to diltiazem. The Bepridil Collaborative Study Group.
Comparison of exercise radionuclide angiography with thallium SPECT imaging for detection of significant narrowing of the left circumflex coronary artery.
Outcome of infants and children with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Zinc deficiency. A public health problem?
X-linked hypophosphatemia. Genetic and clinical correlates.
Partial hypoparathyroidism. A variant of transient congenital hypoparathyroidism.
Testing the psychogenic vomiting diagnosis. Four pediatric patients.
Measurement of serum granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in a patient with congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
The effect of ERCP on circulating pancreatic enzymes and pancreatic protease inhibitors.
Relationship between glucose tolerance and quantitative changes of islet cells in chronic obstructive pancreatitis due to pancreatoduodenal cancer.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of pancreatic duct stones.
Intravenous heme-albumin in acute intermittent porphyria: evidence for repletion of hepatic hemoproteins and regulatory heme pools.
Carcinoid tumor of the common bile duct: evidence for its origin in metaplastic endocrine cells.
Prevalence and malignant potential of colorectal polyps in asymptomatic, average-risk men.
Prevalence of gastroesophageal reflux in elderly patients in a primary care setting.
Five-day bismuth-free triple therapy for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori and reduction of duodenal ulcer relapse.
Diverticulitis of the duodenum: clinical and radiological manifestations of seven cases.
Helicobacter pylori-negative duodenal ulcer.
A prospective evaluation of elevated serum theophylline concentrations to determine if high concentrations are predictable.
Hemodynamic responses to endotracheal extubation after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Alfentanil infusion for postoperative pain: a comparison of epidural and intravenous routes.
Effect of propofol on the incidence of postoperative vomiting after strabismus surgery in pediatric outpatients.
The use of immobilized protamine in removing heparin and preventing protamine-induced complications during extracorporeal blood circulation.
Regional cerebral blood flow following resuscitation from hemorrhagic shock with hypertonic saline. Influence of a subdural mass.
The skier's nose: a model of cold-induced rhinorrhea.
Bronchial reactivity and allergy-promoting factors in monozygotic twins discordant for allergic rhinitis.
Reduction in the incidence of acute bronchitis by an oral Haemophilus influenzae vaccine in patients with chronic bronchitis in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.
Short-term effect of albuterol, delivered via a new auxiliary device, in wheezy infants.
Effect of hypercapnia on total pulmonary resistance during wakefulness and during NREM sleep.
The clinical course of perimesencephalic nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
Epidemiology of encephalitis in children: a 20-year survey.
Eosinophilia myalgia syndrome: I. Immunocytochemical evidence for a T-cell-mediated immune effector response.
Serial gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging scans in patients with early, relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: implications for clinical trials and natural history.
Fatal varicella-zoster virus meningoradiculitis without skin involvement.
Intermittent pneumatic compression therapy in posttraumatic lower limb edema: computed tomography and clinical measurements.
Clinical findings associated with pulmonary embolism in a rehabilitation setting.
Motor variables correlated with the hand-to-mouth maneuver in stroke patients.
The short test of mental status. Correlations with standardized psychometric testing.
The pseudotumor syndrome. Disorders of cerebrospinal fluid circulation causing intracranial hypertension without ventriculomegaly.
Treatment of refractory chronic Lyme arthritis with arthroscopic synovectomy.
Effect of surgery on the systemic inflammatory response to intermittent claudication
Increased incidence of lymphoproliferative disorder after immunosuppression with the monoclonal antibody OKT3 in cardiac-transplant recipients
Familial leg ulcers of juvenile onset
Low-dose co-trimoxazole for prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in human immunodeficiency virus disease
Exophytic signet-ring cell carcinoma of the colorectum
Extradural haematoma after continuous extradural anaesthesia.
Non-cardiogenic pulmonary oedema after transfusion with granulocyte antibody containing blood: treatment with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Haemodynamic effects and outcome analysis of hypotensive extradural anaesthesia in controlled hypertensive patients undergoing total hip arthroplasty.
Effect of P6 acupressure on postoperative vomiting in children undergoing outpatient strabismus correction.
Multidrug resistance (mdr1) gene expression in adult acute leukemias: correlations with treatment outcome and in vitro drug sensitivity.
Identification and characterization of a low-affinity granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor receptor on primary and cultured human melanoma cells.
Hematologic effects of stem cell factor in vivo and in vitro in rodents.
The t(1;22) (p13;q13) is nonrandom and restricted to infants with acute megakaryoblastic leukemia: a Pediatric Oncology Group Study.
Acute leukemia after a primary myelodysplastic syndrome: immunophenotypic, genotypic, and clinical characteristics.
Trisomy 12 in chronic lymphocytic leukemia: an interphase cytogenetic study.
Emergence of a B-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma in a patient with B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia: evidence for the single-cell origin of the two tumors.
Molecular basis of the enhanced susceptibility of the erythrocytes of paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria to hemolysis in acidified serum.
Recombinant granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after autologous bone marrow transplantation for relapsed non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: blood and bone marrow progenitor growth studies. A phase II Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Trial.
Treatment for acute myelocytic leukemia with allogeneic bone marrow transplantation following preparation with BuCy2.
Differential effects of transforming growth factor-beta 1 and phorbol myristate acetate on cardiac fibroblasts. Regulation of fibrillar collagen mRNAs and expression of early transcription factors.
Dipyridamole thallium-201 scintigraphy as a preoperative screening test. A reexamination of its predictive potential. Study of Perioperative Ischemia Research Group
Stroke Prevention in Atrial Fibrillation Study. Final results
Clinical implications of late proven patency after successful coronary angioplasty.
Altered lipid profile after Kawasaki syndrome.
Percutaneous excimer laser coronary angioplasty of lesions not ideal for balloon angioplasty
Relation of stenosis morphology and clinical presentation to the procedural results of directional coronary atherectomy
Suppression of eicosanoid biosynthesis during coronary angioplasty by fish oil and aspirin.
Expression of perforin in infiltrating cells in murine hearts with acute myocarditis caused by coxsackievirus B3.
Prevention of arterial reocclusion after thrombolysis with recombinant lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor
Role of oxygen-derived free radicals in myocardial edema and ischemia in coronary microvascular embolization
Anatomy of the tricuspid annulus. Circumferential myofibers as the structural basis for atrial flutter in a canine model.
Effects of vascular runoff on myointimal hyperplasia after mechanical balloon or thermal laser arterial injury in dogs.
Treatment of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome with cyclosporin A in children.
Conventional therapy for idiopathic nephrotic syndrome in children.
Comparative clinical trial of standard operative tracheostomy with percutaneous tracheostomy.
Accuracy of a mixed venous saturation catheter during acutely induced changes in hematocrit in humans.
Gastric mucosal pH as a prognostic index of mortality in critically ill patients.
Platelet activating factor-induced shock and intestinal necrosis in the rat: role of endogenous platelet-activating factor and effect of saline infusion.
Effect of intrathoracic pressure on plasma arginine vasopressin levels.
Hypertrophic smooth muscle in the partially obstructed opossum esophagus. Excitability and electrophysiological properties.
Classic and vigorous achalasia: a comparison of manometric, radiographic, and clinical findings.
The effects of chronic endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy on portal pressure in cirrhotics.
Hepatocellular expression of lymphocyte function-associated antigen 3 in chronic hepatitis.
A pathophysiological interpretation of unresponsiveness to spironolactone in a stepped-care approach to the diuretic treatment of ascites in nonazotemic cirrhotic patients.
Antithrombin III supplementation reduces heparin requirement and platelet loss during hemodialysis of patients with fulminant hepatic failure.
Immunohistochemical detection of transforming growth factor-beta 1 in fibrotic liver diseases.
Epstein-Barr virus and persistent graft dysfunction after liver transplantation.
Bacterial invasion of the biliary system by way of the portal-venous system.
Prevention of portal hypertension and portosystemic shunts by early chronic administration of clonidine in conscious portal vein-stenosed rats.
Decreased serum interleukin-2 level in patients with chronic headache.
Headache syndromes as detected by configural frequency analysis.
Propranolol in the management of recurrent migraine: a meta-analytic review.
Prediction of subclinical tumor infiltration in basal cell carcinoma.
Damage to tissue defenses by EMLA cream.
Splenosis: an unusual cause of intraabdominal hemorrhage.
Midazolam use in the emergency department.
Intravascular IL-8. Inhibitor of polymorphonuclear leukocyte accumulation at sites of acute inflammation.
Loss of transforming growth factor beta 1 receptors and its effects on the growth of EBV-transformed human B cells.
High dietary linoleic acid affects the fatty acid compositions of individual phospholipids from tissues of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar): association with stress susceptibility and cardiac lesion.
Blood glucose control and albuminuria in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Mitochondrial encephalomyopathies in childhood. I. Biochemical and morphologic investigations.
Mitochondrial encephalomyopathies in childhood. II. Clinical manifestations and syndromes.
Liver involvement in Alpers disease.
Multivariate assessment of traditional risk factors for chronic lung disease in very low birth weight neonates. The Newborn Lung Project.
Elevated intravesical pressure causes arterial hypoperfusion in canine colocystoplasty: a fluorometric assessment.
Seromuscular enterocystoplasty in rats.
Intraoperative cardiovascular collapse secondary to latex allergy.
Cystic adrenal masses in the neonate associated with hemihypertrophy and the relation to the Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
Management of the failed exstrophy closure.
Techniques to create urinary continence in the cloacal exstrophy patient.
Quantification of vascular graft seeding by use of computer-assisted image analysis and genetically modified endothelial cells.
Thermal laser-assisted balloon angioplasty of the superficial femoral artery: a multicenter review of 602 cases.
Multivariate clinical models and quantitative dipyridamole-thallium imaging to predict cardiac morbidity and death after vascular reconstruction.
Clinical significance of aortic graft dilation.
Transverse versus longitudinal arteriotomy: an experimental study in dogs.
The risk of axillofemoral bypass grafting for acute vascular occlusion.
Asymptomatic celiac and superior mesenteric artery stenoses are more prevalent among patients with unsuspected renal artery stenoses.
Mycotic aneurysms of the carotid arteries--case report and review of the literature.
Digital artery embolization as a result of fibromuscular dysplasia of the brachial artery.
A mathematical computer stimulation model for the development of colonic polyps and colon cancer.
Significance of ipsilateral breast tumour recurrence after lumpectomy.
Mucosal IgA recognition of Helicobacter pylori 120 kDa protein, peptic ulceration, and gastric pathology.
Stanozolol in treatment of leg ulcers due to cryofibrinogenaemia.
Increased risk of myelodysplasia and leukaemia after etoposide, cisplatin, and bleomycin for germ-cell tumours.
Argon laser-assisted anastomoses in medium-size vessels: one-year follow-up.
Excimer laser ablation of fibrocartilage: an in vitro and in vivo study.
Operative laparoscopy with the Nd:YAG laser in the treatment of endometriosis and pelvic adhesions.
Psychological stress and susceptibility to the common cold
Evidence of a selective increase in cardiac sympathetic activity in patients with sustained ventricular arrhythmias
Sodium channel density in hypomyelinated brain increased by myelin basic protein gene deletion.
Comprehensive multidisciplinary treatment of chronic pain: a follow-up study of treated and non-treated groups.
Pain causes in 200 patients referred to a multidisciplinary cancer pain clinic.
Evidence for a central but not a peripheral analgesic effect of clomipramine in rats.
Pediatric heart transplantation at Stanford: results of a 15-year experience.
Randomized, controlled trial comparing long-term sulfonamide therapy to ventilation tubes for otitis media with effusion.
Preparedness of practicing pediatricians to manage emergencies.
Emergency medical services and the pediatric patient. III: Resources of ambulatory care centers.
Poliomyelitis-like paralysis during recovery from acute bronchial asthma: possible etiology and risk factors.
Informing schools about children's chronic illnesses: parents' opinions.
Bell's palsy. A diagnosis of exclusion.
Acid peptic disease in adolescents. How to avoid misdiagnosis and undertreatment.
Febrile seizure. Caring for patients--and their parents.
Thromboembolism prophylaxis. Choosing the proper method for surgical patients.
Ventricular arrhythmias. When should they be suppressed?
The herpes simplex virus 1 segment inversion site is specifically cleaved by a virus-induced nuclear endonuclease.
Stop codon in the procollagen II gene (COL2A1) in a family with the Stickler syndrome (arthro-ophthalmopathy).
Dietary fish oil blocks the microcirculatory manifestations of ischemia-reperfusion injury in striated muscle in hamsters.
Neuronal activity up-regulates astroglial gene expression.
The C-terminal half of UvrC protein is sufficient to reconstitute (A)BC excinuclease.
Epidemiology of acute respiratory infections in children of developing countries.
Etiology of acute respiratory infections in children in tropical southern India.
Histopathology of childhood pneumonia in developing countries.
Pathogenesis of severe acute respiratory infections in the developing world: respiratory syncytial virus and parainfluenza viruses.
The burden of acute respiratory infection due to measles in developing countries and the potential impact of measles vaccine.
Control of acute lower respiratory illness in the developing world: an assessment of vaccine intervention.
Identification of a mutation in porcine ryanodine receptor associated with malignant hyperthermia.
Determinants of sciatica and low-back pain.
Postoperative computed tomography three months after lumbar disc surgery. A prospective single-blind study.
Diagnostic accuracy and clinical utility of thermography for lumbar radiculopathy. A meta-analysis.
Disc degeneration in magnetic resonance imaging. A comparative biochemical, histologic, and radiologic study in cadaver spines.
In vivo and ex vivo magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of early disc degeneration with histopathologic correlation.
Lamina repair and replacement to control laminectomy membrane formation in dogs.
Lumbar facet fracture as a possible source of pain after lumbar laminectomy.
Correlation of radiologic assessment of lumbar spine fusions with surgical exploration.
Translaminar facet joint screw fixation for lumbar and lumbosacral fusion. A clinical and biomechanical study.
Triangulation of pedicular instrumentation. A biomechanical analysis.
A carbon fiber implant to aid interbody lumbar fusion. Mechanical testing.
Surgical anatomy of the sacrum. A guide for rational screw fixation.
Anatomic consideration for sacral screw placement.
Two-point fixation of the lumbar spine. Differential stability in rotation.
Reduction of high-grade slips (grades III-V) with VSP instrumentation. Report of a series of 41 cases.
Sepsis. What it is and how to recognize it.
Stress gastritis revisited.
Acute basophilic leukemia. A clinical, morphologic, and cytogenetic study of eight cases.
The transient appearance of small blastoid cells in the marrow after bone marrow transplantation.
An autopsy case of I-cell disease. Ultrastructural and biochemical analyses.
Preoperative insurance status influences postoperative complication rates for gastric bypass.
Collagen stability and collagenolytic activity in the normal and aneurysmal human abdominal aorta.
HLA-DR antigen expression on peripheral blood monocytes correlates with surgical infection.
Role of renal sympathetic nerve activity in renal failure associated with obstructive jaundice in the rat.
Laparotomy closure reinforced with buried polyglyconate retention sutures.
Ischemic injury to the spinal cord or lumbosacral plexus after aorto-iliac reconstruction.
Thoracoabdominal aneurysm resection after previous infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysmectomy.
Total excision and extra-anatomic bypass for aortic graft infection.
Impact of magnetic resonance imaging on the management of diabetic foot infections.
Ambulatory stab evulsion phlebectomy for truncal varicose veins.
Diagnostic and therapeutic strategies of white clot syndrome.
Which asymptomatic patients should undergo routine screening carotid duplex scan?
Stump pressure, the contralateral carotid artery, and electroencephalographic changes.
Impact of changing attitudes in carotid surgery on community hospital practice.
Morphine compared with diamorphine. A comparison of dose requirements and side-effects after hip surgery.
A double-blind study of the speed of onset of analgesia following intramuscular administration of ketorolac tromethamine in comparison to intramuscular morphine and placebo.
Chemical meningism after lumbar facet joint block with local anaesthetic and steroids.
Nausea and vomiting with use of a patient-controlled analgesia system.
Incidence and management of airway problems in the CHARGE Association.
Laser-assisted angioplasty in the treatment of prosthetic graft stenosis.
Are history and physical examination a good screening test for sleep apnea?
Growth prognosis and growth after menarche in primary hypothyroidism.
Treatment of constitutional growth delay in prepubertal boys with a prolonged course of low dose oxandrolone.
Children with pervasive refusal.
Cytomegalovirus ileitis presenting as massive rectal bleeding in infancy.
Improvement of outcome for infants of birth weight under 1000 g. The Victorian Infant Collaborative Study Group.
Factors associated with chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
Phosphorus metabolites in the human placenta estimated in vivo by magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Absent or reversed end diastolic flow velocity in the umbilical artery and necrotising enterocolitis.
Fibrinolysis in cerebrospinal fluid after intraventricular haemorrhage.
Total cavopulmonary anastomosis versus conventional modified Fontan procedure.
Bio-medicus ventricular assist device for salvage of cardiac surgical patients
Preoperative hemostatic activity and excessive bleeding after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Role of basic fibroblast growth factor in revascularization of rabbit tracheal autografts.
Current status of coronary artery operation in septuagenarians.
Survival and valve failure after aortic valve replacement.
Hypersensitivity myocarditis.
Anomalous coronary arteries arising from the aorta associated with sudden death in infancy and early childhood. An autopsy series.
Primary hyperaldosteronism due to a functional black (pigmented) adenoma of the adrenal cortex.
Multisystem failure and hepatic microvesicular fatty metamorphosis associated with tolmetin ingestion.
Granulocytic sarcoma of the ovary. An unusual case presentation.
High-intensity focused ultrasound in the treatment of experimental liver cancer.
The significance of portal vein thrombosis after distal splenorenal shunt.
Acute cholangitis secondary to hepatolithiasis.
Arterial hemorrhage after pancreatoduodenectomy. The 'sentinel bleed'.
Evolution of the treatment of the injured colon in the 1980s.
Asthma in the emergency department: impact of a protocol on optimizing therapy.
External cardiopulmonary resuscitation preserves brain viability after prolonged cardiac arrest in dogs.
Herniated cervical disk presenting as ischemic chest pain.
The prevalence of oral lesions in HIV-infected homosexual and bisexual men: three San Francisco epidemiological cohorts.
Immediate mandibular replacement using reconstruction plates.
'Medial maxillectomy' for lateral nasal wall neoplasms.
Suprahyoid pharyngotomy for oropharynx cancer including the tongue base.
Punctal occlusion and blepharoplasty in patients with dry eye syndrome.
Non-infective verrucous endocarditis in a patient with 'primary' antiphospholipid syndrome.
Multivessel PTCA using the hugging balloon technique based on single guide catheter and dual balloon-on-a-wire systems.
The kissing balloon technique with two over-the-wire balloon catheters through a single 8-French guiding catheter.
Prevention of thromboembolic disease following total knee arthroplasty. Epidural versus general anesthesia.
Investigation of early surface delamination observed in retrieved heat-pressed tibial inserts.
Pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis with paralysis. Prognosis and treatment.
Sublaminar fixation in lumbosacral fusions.
Noncemented porous-coated anatomic total hip arthroplasty.
Shoulder impingement syndrome. A critical review.
The failed ulnar nerve transposition. Etiology and treatment.
Prospective study of porous-coated anatomic total hip arthroplasty.
The noncemented porous-coated hip prosthesis. A three-year clinical follow-up study and roentgenographic analysis.
In vivo measurements of relative motion between an uncemented femoral total hip component and the femur by roentgen stereophotogrammetric analysis.
Patient activity, sports participation, and impact loading on the durability of cemented total hip replacements.
Anterior cruciate ligament allograft transplantation in dogs.
Total hip arthroplasty following failed internal fixation of hip fractures.
Uncemented total hip arthroplasty. Prospective analysis of the tri-lock femoral component.
Total knee arthroplasty at a Veterans Administration Medical Center.
Results of total knee arthroplasty using the posterior stabilized condylar prosthesis. A report of 137 consecutive cases.
Effect of the tibial cut on subsidence following total knee arthroplasty.
Intermittent pneumatic compression versus coumadin. Prevention of deep vein thrombosis in lower-extremity total joint arthroplasty.
Blood loss in total knee arthroplasty.
Cardiac biopsy in patients with "primary" atrial fibrillation. Histologic evidence of occult myocardial diseases.
Direct myocardial revascularization without extracorporeal circulation. Experience in 700 patients
Value of transesophageal echocardiography as an adjunct to transthoracic echocardiography in evaluation of native and prosthetic valve endocarditis.
Nocturnal hypoxemia as a determinant of vigilance impairment in sleep apnea syndrome.
Respiratory symptoms in Indian women using domestic cooking fuels.
Chronic inflammation is associated with an increased proportion of goblet cells recovered by bronchial lavage.
Urinary fibrinopeptide A in evaluation of patients with suspected acute pulmonary embolism. A prospective pilot study.
Noninvasive face mask mechanical ventilation in patients with acute hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Airway pressure release ventilation in severe acute respiratory failure
Effects of heart rate and pulmonary artery pressure on Doppler pulmonary artery acceleration time in experimental acute pulmonary hypertension.
Sternohyoid muscle biopsy. A diagnostic technique in respiratory failure of neuromuscular origin.
Bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia in common variable immunodeficiency syndrome.
Granulomatous pulmonary zygomycosis in a patient without underlying illness. Computed tomographic appearances and treatment by pneumonectomy.
Acute nonhemodynamic pulmonary edema with nifedipine in primary pulmonary hypertension.
Formation and spontaneous closure of an arteriovenous fistula after transvenous pacemaker placement.
Left-sided pleural effusion secondary to splenic vein thrombosis. A previously unrecognized relationship.
Pulmonary function tests in bronchopleural fistula.
Plasmapheresis in a case of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome with ascending polyneuropathy.
Clinical correlates of abnormal sensitivity to intraesophageal balloon distension.
Abnormalities of gastrointestinal motility in children with nonulcer dyspepsia and in children with gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Lymphocytic gastritis in nonulcer dyspepsia.
Combined treatment of symptomatic gallbladder stones by extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy (ESWL) and instillation of methyl tert-butyl ether (MTBE).
Portal vein thrombosis complicating endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy. Convincing further evidence.
Symptomatic gastro-oesophageal reflux, abnormal oesophageal acid exposure, and mucosal acid sensitivity are three separate, though related, aspects of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease.
Maintenance treatment of duodenal ulceration: ranitidine 300 mg at night is better than 150 mg in cigarette smokers.
Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli and life threatening chronic diarrhoea.
Observations on the Kveim reaction using an animal model of granulomatous bowel disease.
Microscopic activity in ulcerative colitis: what does it mean?
Prevalence of proximal faecal stasis in active ulcerative colitis.
Amenorrhoea in women with non-alcoholic chronic liver disease.
Patient and technique survival for blind and sighted diabetics on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: a ten-year analysis.
Irreversible drop of systemic vascular resistances in patients implanted with a Jarvik total artificial heart.
Cinematics and sticking of heart valves in pulsatile flow test.
Muscle hypertrophy response to resistance training in older women.
Muscle structure and performance capacity of Himalayan Sherpas.
Renal O2 consumption during progressive hemorrhage.
Skeletal muscle metabolism and work capacity: a 31P-NMR study of Andean natives and lowlanders.
Respiratory compliance during sedation, anesthesia, and paralysis in infants and young children.
Effects of left atrial pressure on the pulmonary vascular response to hypoxic ventilation.
Phrenic neural output during hypoxia in dogs: constant-flow ventilation vs. spontaneous breathing.
Effect of respiratory muscle fatigue on subsequent exercise performance.
Is fiber mitochondrial volume density a good indicator of muscle fatigability to isometric exercise?
Time course of hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction after endotoxin infusion in unanesthetized sheep.
Cricothyroid muscle responses to increased chemical drive in awake normal humans.
Competitive control of myosin expression: hypertrophy vs. hyperthyroidism.
Surgical management of extracranial vertebral artery occlusive disease.
Clinical follow-up and progression of carotid atherosclerosis determined by duplex scanning in patients suffering from TIA.
Resection and reconstruction of the carotid bifurcation with polytetrafluoroethylene grafts; operative technique. Preliminary results in 25 procedures and indications.
General moderate hypothermia in the surgical treatment of descending thoracic aortic aneurysms.
Descending thoracic aortofemoral bypass as an alternative for aortoiliac revascularization.
Hydronephrosis after aortofemoral bypass graft. A prospective study.
Ischemic complications of abdominal aortic surgery.
PTA and laser assisted PTA combined with simultaneous surgical revascularization.
Clostridial mycotic aneurysm of the suprarenal abdominal aorta.
Vascular infection: another hazard of listeriosis.
Recurrent aortic graft infection following descending thoracic aorta to femoral artery bypass. A case report and review.
Popliteal aneurysm with spontaneous arteriovenous fistula.
A "twilight period" of coronary perfusion: the risk of intraoperative infarction in surgery for main left coronary obstruction.
Age-related complications and optimal choice of artificial heart valves in elderly patients.
Paraprosthetic leak: a complication of cardiac valve replacement.
Changes in the serum levels of CK-MB, LDH, LDH1, SGOT and myoglobin due to cardiac surgery.
Coronary-subclavian steal: correction of recurrent angina and cerebrovascular symptoms.
Intestinal ischemia associated with cardio-pulmonary-bypass surgery: a life threatening complication.
Myocardial echinococcosis with perforation into the pericardium.
Hemopericardium: a late complication after repair of pectus excavatum.
Interrupted aortic arch with tetralogy of Fallot. A report of an unsuccessful surgically treated case.
Role of nitric oxide in renal medullary oxygenation. Studies in isolated and intact rat kidneys.
Prostacyclin production and mediation of adenylate cyclase activity in the pulmonary artery. Alterations after prolonged hypoxia in the rat.
Cationic Yersinia antigen-induced chronic allergic arthritis in rats. A model for reactive arthritis in humans.
Oxygen-dependent lipid peroxidation during lung ischemia.
Macrophages, microglial cells, and HLA-DR antigens in fetal and infant brain.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in morbidly obese patients.
The sleep apnoea syndrome in obesity: risk of sudden death.
Increased occurrence of arrhythmias in men with ischaemic type ST-segment depression during long-term ECG recording. Prognostic impact on ischaemic heart disease: results from the prospective population study 'Men born in 1914', Malmo, Sweden.
Evaluation of a structured treatment and teaching programme on asthma.
Successful treatment of hepatosplenic candidiasis with a liposomal amphotericin B preparation.
Pure akinesia: an atypical manifestation of progressive supranuclear palsy.
Posterior cortical dementia with alexia: neurobehavioural, MRI, and PET findings.
Neurosurgical complications after intranasal ethmoidectomy.
Early heparin therapy in patients with spontaneous intracerebral haemorrhage.
The antifibrillatory actions of UK-68,798, a class III antiarrhythmic agent.
Susceptibility of normal human joint tissue to viruses.
Recurrent pericarditis and cardiac tamponade in a patient with hypocomplementemic urticarial vasculitis syndrome.
Management of hypertensive crises.
Patients who leave a public hospital emergency department without being seen by a physician. Causes and consequences
Consequences of queuing for care at a public hospital emergency department
A controlled clinical trial of E5 murine monoclonal IgM antibody to endotoxin in the treatment of gram-negative sepsis. The XOMA Sepsis Study Group
Vitamin K therapy in severe liver disease.
Pregnancy and childbearing in a population with biologic valvular prostheses.
Patterns of failure in Hancock pericardial bioprostheses.
Long-term follow-up after prosthetic replacement of the superior vena cava combined with resection of mediastinal-pulmonary malignant tumors.
Results of total cavopulmonary connection in the treatment of patients with a functional single ventricle.
Surgical management of the conal (supracristal) ventricular septal defect.
Incentive spirometry versus routine chest physiotherapy for prevention of pulmonary complications after abdominal surgery
Allergic fungal sinusitis: problems in diagnosis and treatment.
Ciprofloxacin: drug of choice in the treatment of malignant external otitis (MEO).
Lightning and its effects on the auditory system.
Singular neurectomy update. II. Review of 102 cases.
Otologic sequelae after pneumococcal meningitis: a survey of 164 consecutive cases with a follow-up of 94 survivors.
Otoplasty: critical review of clinical results.
Facial reanimation after acoustic neuroma excision: the patient's perspective.
Surgical treatment of chronic otitis media and Meniere's syndrome.
GLI3 zinc-finger gene interrupted by translocations in Greig syndrome families.
Preferential DNA secondary structure mutagenesis in the lagging strand of replication in E. coli.
A comparative study of the cerebrovascular complications of cocaine: alkaloidal versus hydrochloride--a review.
Prognosis in AZT myopathy.
Botulinum toxin treatment of tremors.
Cause of death in patients attending multiple sclerosis clinics.
Seizures caused by nontraumatic parenchymal brain hemorrhages.
Preherpetic neuralgia.
The spectrum of vertical gaze palsy following unilateral brainstem stroke.
Gaze-dependent hemianopia without hemispatial neglect.
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy for metabolic characterization of plaques in multiple sclerosis.
Occurrence of resting tremor in Parkinson's disease.
MRI reveals multiple reversible cerebral lesions in an attack of acute intermittent porphyria.
Remission and recurrence after withdrawal of therapy for ocular cicatricial pemphigoid.
Triple agent immunosuppression in serpiginous choroiditis.
Partial lamellar sclerouvectomy for ciliary body and choroidal tumors.
Changing pattern of bone and joint infections due to Staphylococcus aureus: study of cases of bacteremia in Denmark, 1959-1988.
Splenic abscesses due to Mycobacterium tuberculosis in patients with AIDS.
Abdominal abscess due to Cardiobacterium hominis and Clostridium bifermentans.
Choleriform syndrome and production of labile enterotoxin (CT/LT1)-like antigen by species of Salmonella infantis and Salmonella haardt isolated from the same patient.
Fatal varicella in an adult: case report and review of the gastrointestinal complications of chickenpox.
Impact of temperature elevation on immunologic defenses.
Empiric therapy with amphotericin B in febrile granulocytopenic patients.
Relapsing systemic infection due to Rhodococcus equi in a drug abuser seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus.
Comparison of mastectomy and lumpectomy for medial carcinoma of the breast.
Early surgical management of extensive gynecologic ureteral injuries.
Intestinal injury after lumbar discectomy.
Selective antibiotic prophylaxis in biliary tract operations.
The risk of ligation of the left renal vein in resection of the abdominal aortic aneurysm.
An evaluation of multiple clinical variables for hypoxia during colonoscopy.
Intrathecal phenol rhizotomy for management of pain in recurrent unresectable carcinoma of the rectum.
The Sugiura procedure for patients with hemorrhagic portal hypertension secondary to extrahepatic portal vein thrombosis.
Transduodenal exploration of the common bile duct in patients with nondilated ducts.
Reperitonealization of the lesser curve in proximal gastric vagotomy for duodenal ulcer.
Crossover ilioprofunda reconstruction: an expanded role for obturator foramen bypass.
Antiperistaltic and isoperistaltic intussusception associated with abnormal motility after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: a case report.
Indicators of prognosis after hepatic resection for colorectal secondaries.
Carcinoid tumors: the relationship between clinical presentation and the extent of disease.
Snoring and the risk of ischemic brain infarction.
An autopsy study of the incidence of lacunes in relation to age, hypertension, and arteriosclerosis.
Comprehensive evaluation and treatment of 75 men referred to chronic prostatitis clinic.
Mechanical complications associated with mentor inflatable penile prosthesis.
Identifying risk factors in development of clinically significant post-shock-wave lithotripsy subcapsular hematomas.
Squamous metaplasia in hormonally treated prostatic cancer. Significance during follow-up.
Intrarenal pancreatic cyst.
Pain centers--organization and outcome.
Rehabilitation in rheumatic diseases. What's new.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated diseases: a pathologist's perspective.
Pulmonary hemorrhage and necrotizing glomerulonephritis without glomerular immune deposits: report of two cases.
Should intravenous immunoglobulin G be first-line treatment for acute thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura? Case report and review of the literature.
XY chromosome nondisjunction in man is associated with diminished recombination in the pseudoautosomal region.
Fine structure mapping of the hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HPRT) gene region of the human X chromosome (Xq26).
Localization of the gene encoding the GABAA receptor beta 3 subunit to the Angelman/Prader-Willi region of human chromosome 15.
Cardiovascular and metabolic characteristics of hypertension.
The syndrome of alcoholic ketoacidosis.
Pyomyositis in patients with the human immunodeficiency virus: an unusual form of disseminated bacterial infection.
Hepatosplenic candidiasis: successful treatment with fluconazole.
Fluconazole therapy for chronic disseminated candidiasis in patients with leukemia and prior amphotericin B therapy.
Efficacy of intravenous gammaglobulin therapy in chronic refractory polymyositis and dermatomyositis: an open study with 20 adult patients.
Syncope and orthostatic hypotension.
Clinical patterns and associated conditions in chronic uveitis.
Treatment of pseudotumor cerebri by primary and secondary optic nerve sheath decompression.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus sequences in Hodgkin's disease by the polymerase chain reaction.
Mouse bronchiolar cell carcinogenesis. Histologic characterization and expression of Clara cell antigen in lesions induced by N-nitrosobis-(2-chloroethyl) ureas.
Expression of endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 in septic but not traumatic/hypovolemic shock in the baboon.
Tibial meniscal dynamics using three-dimensional reconstruction of magnetic resonance images.
Tensile properties of the human femur-anterior cruciate ligament-tibia complex. The effects of specimen age and orientation.
Fatigue fracture of the ulna occurring in pitchers of fast-pitch softball.
Treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting with ondansetron: a randomized, double-blind comparison with placebo.
Antiemetic efficacy of ondansetron after outpatient laparoscopy.
Ibuprofen provides longer lasting analgesia than fentanyl after laparoscopic surgery.
Effects of volatile anesthetics on response to norepinephrine and acetylcholine in guinea pig atria.
The influence of intraoperative hypotension and perioperative blood transfusion on disease-free survival in patients with complete resection of colorectal liver metastases.
Metabolic consequences of (regional) total pancreatectomy.
Adverse effect of therapeutic vasoconstrictors in experimental acute pancreatitis.
Interleukin-2 induces early multisystem organ edema mediated by neutrophils.
National outcomes of cataract extraction. Endophthalmitis following inpatient surgery.
Argon laser photocoagulation for neovascular maculopathy. Five-year results from randomized clinical trials. Macular Photocoagulation Study Group.
Congenital optic tract syndrome.
Corneal choristoma with microphthalmos.
Characterization of infectious crystalline keratitis caused by a human isolate of Streptococcus mitis.
A 21-year experience with major hemorrhage after percutaneous liver biopsy
Virological investigations of acute encephalopathy in India
Irreducible inguinal hernia in children below two years of age
An outbreak of designer drug--related deaths in Pennsylvania
Fatal aortic rupture during balloon dilatation of recoarctation.
Successful operation on a coronary arteriovenous fistula in a 74 year old woman.
Desirability of immediate surgical standby for coronary angioplasty.
Recurrent deletion in the human antithrombin III gene.
Entire ABL gene is joined with 5'-BCR in some patients with Philadelphia-positive leukemia.
Clinical factors affecting the immediate outcome of PTCA in patients with unstable angina and poor candidates for surgery.
Effects of rapid volume expansion on the right filling pressures after prosthetic valve surgery.
Dislodgement of a vein graft thrombus by angiographic injection of native coronary artery.
Cor triatriatum dexter: recognition and percutaneous transluminal correction.
Holmium laser angioplasty after failed coronary balloon dilation: use of a new solid-state, infrared laser system.
Unrecognized stenosis by angiography documented by intravascular ultrasound imaging.
Angioplasty of an oversized venous bypass graft using two fixed wire systems.
Chronic and recurrent ankle sprains.
Pharmacologic therapy for fetal arrhythmias.
Antenatal therapy to minimize neonatal intraventricular hemorrhage.
Adhesiolysis.
A follow-up study of occupational skin disease in Western Australia.
Stress erosive gastritis.
Acquired aphasia, dementia, and behavior disorder with epilepsy and continuous spike and waves during sleep in a child.
Open, double-blind and long-term study of vigabatrin in chronic epilepsy.
Anticonvulsant activity of two orally active competitive N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonists, CGP 37849 and CGP 39551, against sound-induced seizures in DBA/2 mice and photically induced myoclonus in Papio papio.
Herpes simplex virus DNA in occult lesions: demonstration by the polymerase chain reaction.
Papular dermatitis in adults: subacute prurigo, American style?
Childhood epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Report of three cases and review of literature.
Neurocutaneous melanosis: definition and review of the literature.
A study of elastic tissue and actinic radiation in "aging," temporal arteritis, polymyalgia rheumatica, and atherosclerosis. The actinic storm in the modern world.
Quantitative nailfold capillary microscopy in cutaneous and systemic lupus erythematosus and localized and systemic scleroderma.
Antibodies to neutrophil cytoplasmic antigens: serologic marker for Sweet's syndrome.
Acute and chronic urticaria and angioedema.
Restenosis after coronary angioplasty: a multivariate statistical model to relate lesion and procedure variables to restenosis. The M-HEART Investigators.
Effect of age on use of thrombolytic therapy and mortality in acute myocardial infarction. The MITI Project Group.
A case for early surgery in native left-sided endocarditis complicated by heart failure: results in 203 patients
Risk stratification for arrhythmic events in postinfarction patients based on heart rate variability, ambulatory electrocardiographic variables and the signal-averaged electrocardiogram.
Tolerance and safety of pharmacologic coronary vasodilation with adenosine in association with thallium-201 scintigraphy in patients with suspected coronary artery disease.
Morphologic comparison of frequency and types of acute lesions in the major epicardial coronary arteries in unstable angina pectoris, sudden coronary death and acute myocardial infarction.
Effect of coronary reocclusion after initial reperfusion on ventricular function and infarct size.
Acute respiratory infections.
Chemicals and environmentally caused diseases in developing countries.
Cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific intravenous immunoglobulin for the prevention of primary CMV infection and disease after marrow transplant.
Monitoring of human cytomegalovirus infections and ganciclovir treatment in heart transplant recipients by determination of viremia, antigenemia, and DNAemia.
How to identify psychogenic disorders of stance and gait. A video study in 37 patients.
Striatopallidonigral degeneration in Pick's disease: a clinicopathological study of 41 cases.
Sarcoid neuropathy.
Lateral parascapular extrapleural approach to the upper thoracic spine.
Intracranial aneurysms in sickle-cell anemia: clinical features and pathogenesis.
Surgical treatment of limbic epilepsy associated with extrahippocampal lesions: the problem of dual pathology.
Unruptured intracranial aneurysms: seizures and antiepileptic drug treatment following surgery.
The relationship between intelligence and memory following minor or mild closed head injury: greater impairment in memory than intelligence.
Microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm. Patterns of vascular compression in unsuccessfully operated patients.
Optochiasmal arachnoiditis following muslin wrapping of ruptured anterior communicating artery aneurysms.
Treatment of chronic pain by epidural spinal cord stimulation: a 10-year experience.
Suppression by traumatic brain injury of spontaneous hemodynamic recovery from hemorrhagic shock in rats.
Surgical manipulation of primate cerebral arteries in established vasospasm.
Effects of hypothermia and hyperthermia on the reactivity of rat intracerebral arterioles in vitro.
Positron tomographic assessment of 16 alpha-[18F] fluoro-17 beta-estradiol uptake in metastatic breast carcinoma.
Acute gastrointestinal hemorrhage detected by selective scintigraphic angiography.
Diagnosis of segmental necrosis in a pancreas transplant by thallium-201 perfusion scintigraphy.
Severe hypoxemia secondary to acute sternal infarction in sickle cell anemia.
A nurse-managed special care unit.
Low-grade, latent prostate cancer volume: predictor of clinical cancer incidence?
Role of early fluid resuscitation in pediatric septic shock.
Survival of DNA HLA-DR typed and matched cadaver kidney transplants. The Collaborative Transplant Study.
Randomised, controlled trial of effectiveness of ampicillin in mild acute respiratory infections in Indonesian children.
Comparison of dexamethasone and ondansetron in the prophylaxis of emesis induced by moderately emetogenic chemotherapy.
Comparison of ondansetron and ondansetron plus dexamethasone as antiemetic prophylaxis during cisplatin-containing chemotherapy.
Spinal cord herniation associated with an intradural spinal arachnoid cyst diagnosed by magnetic resonance imaging.
Transfalcine approach to a callosomarginal artery aneurysm.
Neurotoxicity after intracarotid 1,3-bis(2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea administration in the rat: hemodynamic changes studied by double-tracer autoradiography.
Civilian craniocerebral gunshot wounds.
Clinical application of a patient-controlled apparatus for ventricular administration of morphine in intractable pain: report of 28 cases.
Sufentanil citrate and morphine/bupivacaine as alternative agents in chronic epidural infusions for intractable non-cancer pain.
Monitoring of somatosensory evoked potentials during surgery for middle cerebral artery aneurysms.
Gonococcal endocarditis complicating pregnancy: a case report and literature review.
Acute transient thrombocytopenia associated with cocaine abuse in pregnancy.
Cocaine and indomethacin: fetal anuria, neonatal edema, and gastrointestinal bleeding.
Preeclampsia, trisomy 13, and the placental bed.
Placenta previa percreta involving the urinary bladder: a report of two cases and review of the literature.
Acute twin-twin transfusion: a possible mechanism for brain-damaged survivors after intrauterine death of a monochorionic twin.
Laparoscopic treatment of painful perihepatic adhesions in Fitz-Hugh-Curtis syndrome.
An ectopic pregnancy in the upper retroperitoneum following in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer.
Streptococcal toxic shock associated with septic abortion.
Unexplained displacement of ipsilateral ovary and fallopian tube.
Massive evisceration: a complication following sacrospinous vaginal vault fixation.
Adrenal carcinoma presenting with postmenopausal vaginal bleeding.
Cecal rupture after continent ileocecal urinary diversion during total pelvic exenteration.
The concept of silent otitis media. Its importance and implications.
Mechanisms of otitis media development. Involvement of neurogenic inflammation.
Middle ear inflammatory mediators and cochlear function.
Immunologic reactivity in the middle ear in otitis media with effusion.
Clinical and pharmacokinetic basis for the antimicrobial treatment of acute otitis media.
Pediatric approach to the diagnosis and management of otitis media.
Otolaryngologic approach to the diagnosis and management of otitis media.
Neonatal skin disorders.
Change in the expression of a nuclear matrix-associated protein is correlated with cellular transformation.
Identification of transforming genes of subgroup A and C strains of Herpesvirus saimiri.
Repressor to activator switch by mutations in the first Zn finger of the glucocorticoid receptor: is direct DNA binding necessary?
The low-affinity p75 nerve growth factor (NGF) receptor mediates NGF-induced tyrosine phosphorylation.
Immunocytochemical localization of phospholipase C-gamma in rat embryo fibroblasts.
The Rex regulatory protein of human T-cell lymphotropic virus type I binds specifically to its target site within the viral RNA.
Insulin regulation of the glucagon gene is mediated by an insulin-responsive DNA element.
Inhibition of proteolysis protects hippocampal neurons from ischemia.
An in vivo model for the neurodegenerative effects of beta amyloid and protection by substance P.
Organization and stability of a polytopic membrane protein: deletion analysis of the lactose permease of Escherichia coli.
Isolation and direct characterization of resident microglial cells from the normal and inflamed central nervous system.
The modified buccal musculomucosal flap method for cleft palate surgery.
The biomechanical effects of deep tissue support as related to brow and facelift procedures.
Late bleeding after rhytidectomy from injury to the superficial temporal vessels.
Surgical depilation for the treatment of pseudofolliculitis or local hirsutism of the face: experience in the first 40 patients.
Intraoral reconstruction with a microvascular peritoneal flap.
Long-term complications of polyurethane-covered breast implants.
Comparative experience with smooth and polyurethane breast implants using the Kaplan-Meier method of survival analysis.
Scintigraphic studies of inflammation in diffuse lung disease.
Diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage.
Pulmonary angiitis and granulomatosis.
Experimental hepatocellular carcinoma: MR receptor imaging.
Intraperitoneal hemorrhage from hepatocellular carcinoma: emergency chemoembolization or embolization.
Root of the superior mesenteric artery in pancreatitis and pancreatic carcinoma: evaluation with CT
Biomagnetic localization of ventricular arrhythmias.
Transcatheter occlusion of pulmonary arterial circulation and collateral supply: failures, incidents, and complications.
Percutaneous iliac artery stent: angiographic long-term follow-up.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: findings on chest radiographs in 18 patients.
Genes for epilepsy mapped in the mouse.
Continuous extrapleural intercostal nerve block after pleurectomy.
Erythropoietin concentrations in obstructive sleep apnoea.
Digital gangrene in small cell lung cancer: response to aspirin treatment.
Current status of lung transplantation.
Immunobiology of bone marrow transplantation as treatment for hematologic malignancies.
The role of immunoglobulin in bone marrow transplantation.
Incidence and outcome of surgery for benign prostatic hyperplasia among residents of Rochester, Minnesota: 1980-87. A population-based study.
Comorbidities and perioperative complications among patients with surgically treated benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Diffuse pulmonary alveolar hemorrhage after bone marrow transplantation: radiographic findings in 39 patients.
Endorectal sonography in the evaluation of rectal and perirectal disease.
Diagnosis of acute pyelonephritis in children: comparison of sonography and 99mTc-DMSA scintigraphy.
Benign hemorrhagic adrenocortical macrocysts in Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
Parotid enlargement in children seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus: imaging findings.
Comparison of the predictive characteristics of heart rate variability index and left ventricular ejection fraction for all-cause mortality, arrhythmic events and sudden death after acute myocardial infarction.
Age-related normal values of signal-averaged electrocardiographic variables after acute myocardial infarction.
Twenty-four-hour activity of felodipine extended release in chronic stable angina pectoris.
Ridogrel in the setting of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Usefulness of excitable gap and pattern of resetting in atrial flutter for determining reentry circuit location.
Improved specificity of myocardial thallium-201 single-photon emission computed tomography in patients with left bundle branch block by dipyridamole.
The molecular basis for Duchenne versus Becker muscular dystrophy: correlation of severity with type of deletion.
Molecular and phenotypic analysis of patients with deletions within the deletion-rich region of the Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) gene.
Evaluating genetic association among ovarian, breast, and endometrial cancer: evidence for a breast/ovarian cancer relationship.
Relative predispositional effects (RPEs) of marker alleles with disease: HLA-DR alleles and Graves disease.
Detection of DNA sequence polymorphisms by enzymatic amplification and direct genomic sequencing.
Parental origin of the extra chromosome in trisomy 18.
Single-center comparison of results of 1000 prenatal diagnoses with chorionic villus sampling and 1000 diagnoses with amniocentesis.
Quantification of cervical change: relationship to preterm delivery in the multifetal gestation.
Resolution of chronic pelvic pain after laparoscopic lysis of adhesions.
Combined interferon alfa and doxorubicin in the treatment of advanced cervical cancer.
Treatment failure of genital condylomata acuminata in women: role of the male sexual partner.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura first seen as massive vaginal necrosis.
A case report of massive vulvar edema during tocolysis of preterm labor.
Williams syndrome: masseter spasm during anaesthesia.
Epidural blood patch for treatment of subarachnoid fistula in children.
Anaesthesia for Proteus syndrome.
Postoperative analgesia after triple nerve block for fractured neck of femur
Natural history of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Pulse oximetry monitoring outside the intensive care unit: progress or problem?
Stapes surgery: complications and airway infection.
Chlamydia trachomatis in the etiology of acute otitis media.
Zinc in the management of tinnitus. Placebo-controlled trial.
Choanal atresia and lymphedema.
Quality of life before and after orthotopic hepatic transplantation.
Plasma renin activity in renal transplant patients with hypertension.
Increased tryptase levels in suction-blister fluid from patients with urticaria.
Altered cell-mediated immunity to group A haemolytic streptococcal antigens in chronic plaque psoriasis.
The influence of the menstrual cycle and pregnancy on atopic dermatitis.
The induction of epidermal ornithine decarboxylase following tape stripping is inhibited by a topical vitamin D3 analogue (MC903).
Management of the pregnant woman with spinal cord injuries.
Menstrual symptoms in women with pelvic endometriosis.
Immunoreactive endometritis.
Surgical management of retinal detachment associated with the acute retinal necrosis syndrome.
Complete infarction of the eye complicating a choroidal malignant melanoma.
Ocutome lensectomy: results and complications.
Surgical management of essential blepharospasm.
Self-inflicted eye injuries.
Transpalpebral extrusion of a silicone sponge exoplant.
Nd-YAG laser hyaloidotomy for malignant glaucoma following one-piece 7 mm intraocular lens implantation.
Perforation of the globe--a complication of peribulbar anaesthesia.
Eyelid leishmaniasis in a patient with neurogenic ptosis.
Preserved action of a rectus muscle after transection by an encircling solid silicone band.
Real-time digital contrast enhancement and magnification in the assessment of acute elbow injuries.
Anaesthesia-free extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with renal calculi.
Clam enterocystoplasty in general urological practice.
Measurement of in vivo urological tumour cell kinetics using multiparameter flow cytometry. Preliminary study.
Hospitalisation of prostatic cancer patients undergoing orchiectomy.
Improving survival in gastric cancer: review of operative mortality in English language publications from 1970.
Comparison of morbidity and function after colectomy with ileorectal anastomosis or restorative proctocolectomy for familial adenomatous polyposis.
Results of surgery for duodenal ulcer: assessment by patients.
Surgical treatment of carcinoma of the gastric stump.
Necrotizing fasciitis.
Autopsy-verified pulmonary embolism in a surgical department: analysis of the period from 1951 to 1988.
Epidemiology of chronic venous ulcers.
Influence of phlebographic abnormalities on the natural history of venous ulceration.
Preoperative clinical evaluation as a predictor of cardiac complications after infrarenal aortic reconstruction.
Stripping out pus in lactational mastitis: a means of preventing breast abscess.
Amsacrine is safe and effective therapy for patients with myocardial dysfunction and acute leukemia.
Intensive chemotherapy induction followed by interferon-alpha maintenance in patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Cure of early-stage Hodgkin's disease with subtotal nodal irradiation.
Whole-abdominal irradiation for the management of gastrointestinal and abdominal manifestations of agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
The role of radical surgery in the management of radiation recurrent and large volume prostate cancer.
Isolated incisional metastases after intraperitoneal radioactive chromic phosphate therapy for ovarian carcinoma.
Intracellular calcium transients and arrhythmia in isolated heart cells.
Dose-dependent inhibition of stretch-induced arrhythmias by gadolinium in isolated canine ventricles. Evidence for a unique mode of antiarrhythmic action.
Copper loading of hearts increases postischemic reperfusion injury.
Crescentic glomerulonephritis in Wegener's granulomatosis: morphology, therapy, outcome.
Very late recurrence of renal vasculitis.
Chest pain: an evaluation of the initial diagnosis made by 25 Flemish general practitioners.
Fever: management and self-medication. Results from a Norwegian population study.
Thymosin treatment of chronic hepatitis B: a placebo-controlled pilot trial
Export of intracellular HBsAg in chronic hepatitis B virus infection is related to viral replication.
Effect of cyclosporine and steroids on canine bile flow.
Protection by 16,16-dimethyl prostaglandin E2 and dibutyryl cyclic AMP against complement-mediated hepatic necrosis in rats.
Peripheral nerve lesions in hemophilia.
Arthrodesis with dual plates after failed total knee arthroplasty.
Blood loss after total knee replacement. Effects of tourniquet release and continuous passive motion.
Transient penetration of the hip joint during in situ cannulated-screw fixation of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Nerve palsy associated with total hip replacement. Risk factors and prognosis.
Total acromionectomy. A twenty-year review.
Complications of a failed Bristow procedure and their management.
Repairs of the rotator cuff. Correlation of functional results with integrity of the cuff.
Preservation of pulsatile luteinizing hormone release during postpartum lactational amenorrhea.
A successful murine model for contact sensitization to a sesquiterpene-alpha-methylene-gamma-butyrolactone: sensitization to alantolactone in four strains of mice.
Secretory IgA- and IgG-coated bacteria in chronically discharging ears.
Characterization of severely and profoundly hearing impaired adults attending an audiology clinic.
Effect of nasal packing on eustachian tube function.
Submucous resection of the nasal septum as an outpatient procedure.
Histological changes in free jejunal grafts used in pharyngeal reconstruction.
Subtotal parathyroidectomy for secondary hyperparathyroidism in chronic renal failure.
Malakoplakia of the temporal bone in a nine-month-old infant.
Meningitis from canine Pasteurella multocida following mastoidectomy.
Total avulsion of an osseointegrated screw.
Pseudoaneurysm of the internal carotid artery: a forgotten complication of tonsillitis?
The significance of circulating cells carrying t(14;18) in long remission from follicular lymphoma
Cisplatin, etoposide, and ifosfamide salvage therapy for refractory or relapsing germ cell carcinoma.
Importance of bone marrow cytogenetic evaluation before autologous bone marrow transplantation for Hodgkin's disease.
Sequences of taxol and cisplatin: a phase I and pharmacologic study.
Cardiac disturbances during the administration of taxol.
Profound hypothermia (less than 10 degrees C) compared with deep hypothermia (15 degrees C) improves neurologic outcome in dogs after two hours' circulatory arrest induced to enable resuscitative surgery.
Experimental hemorrhage and blunt trauma do not increase circulating tumor necrosis factor.
Bacterial translocation in trauma patients.
Analysis of septic morbidity following gunshot wounds to the colon: the missile is an adjuvant for abscess.
Severely injured geriatric patients return to independent living: a study of factors influencing function and independence.
Continuous arteriovenous rewarming: report of a new technique for treating hypothermia.
The autotransfusion effect of external leg counterpressure in simulated mild hypovolemia.
Microscopic hematuria: advances in identification of glomerular dysmorphic erythrocytes.
The nutcracker syndrome: new aspects of pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment.
Cytogenetic abnormalities associated with renal cell carcinoma.
Renal calculi in lower pole calices: what is the best method of treatment?
Early clinical experience with the transverse colon-gastric tube continent urinary reservoir.
Lower urinary tract reconstruction following cystectomy: experience and results in 126 patients using the Kock ileal reservoir with bilateral ureteroileal urethrostomy.
Early repair of iatrogenic injury to the ureter or bladder after gynecological surgery.
Effect of meal on the physiological and physicochemical actions of potassium citrate.
Radial artery hypoplasia: a further association with the VATER syndrome?
Renoduodenal fistula in a patient with chronic nephrostomy drainage: a case report.
Recurrent malacoplakia of the female urethra.
Complication of a penile prosthesis reservoir: venous compression masquerading as a deep venous thrombosis.
Venogenic impotence following dermal graft repair for Peyronie's disease.
Azoospermia: a complication of hydrocele repair in a fertile population.
The inheritance of alcohol consumption patterns in a general population twin sample: I. Multidimensional scaling of quantity/frequency data.
Development of a "Steps Questionnaire".
Randomised trial of laxatives in treatment of childhood encopresis.
Human insulin and awareness of acute hypoglycaemic symptoms in insulin-dependent diabetes.
Treatment of pancreatic pseudocysts with octreotide.
Paracentesis with intravenous infusion of albumin as compared with peritoneovenous shunting in cirrhosis with refractory ascites.
Relation between skin cancer and HLA antigens in renal-transplant recipients
The prognostic significance of postoperative residual tumor in ependymoma.
Failed back surgery syndrome: 5-year follow-up in 102 patients undergoing repeated operation.
Failed back surgery syndrome: 5-year follow-up after spinal cord stimulator implantation.
Use of intrathecally administered morphine in the treatment of postoperative pain after lumbar spinal surgery: a prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Prevention of an air embolism by moderate hypoventilation during surgery in the sitting position.
Intracerebral temperature in neurosurgical patients.
Hypertrophic spinal pachymeningitis: report of two cases and review of the literature.
The impact of National Health Service Corps physicians in the lowering perinatal mortality rate in Dade County, Florida.
Vaginal cuff closure at abdominal hysterectomy: comparing sutures with absorbable staples.
Preliminary experience with magnetic resonance imaging in patients with third-trimester bleeding.
Prevalence, onset, and risk of psychiatric disorders in men with chronic low back pain: a controlled study.
Validation of hourly pain intensity profiles with chronic pain patients.
Relationship between perceived self-control of pain, pain description and functioning.
Local toxicity with subcutaneous methadone. Experience of two centers.
Subcutaneous lidocaine for treatment of neuropathic cancer pain.
An open label study of oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate (OTFC) for the treatment of breakthrough cancer pain.
Long-term results of peridural morphine in 225 patients.
Tardive dyskinesia and chronic pain.
The effect of 'detailing' on physicians' prescribing behavior for postsurgical narcotic analgesia.
Studies in autotomy: its pathophysiology and usefulness as a model of chronic pain.
Toward an integrated understanding of fibromyalgia syndrome. I. Medical and pathophysiological aspects.
Toward an integrated understanding of fibromyalgia syndrome. II. Psychological and phenomenological aspects.
Prediction of postoperative pain and duration of hospitalization using two anxiety measures.
Preparing children for venous blood sampling.
Lack of association between neutropenia and the incidence of bacteremia associated with indwelling central venous catheters in febrile pediatric cancer patients.
The effect of diazepam enema on the rectal mucosa of rats.
Acute hemorrhagic diarrhea and cardiovascular collapse in a young child owing to environmentally acquired cocaine.
In-flight esophageal variceal bleeding en route for liver transplantation: a case report and review of the literature.
Exercise. Practical treatment for the patient with depression and chronic fatigue.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the patient with chronic pain.
Fatigue and depression in the patient in the intensive care unit.
Depression, chronic fatigue, and the premenstrual syndrome.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the workplace. Workers' compensation and occupational issues.
Depression and fatigue in the primary care physician.
Serum neuron-specific enolase levels after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
The use of anterior Caspar plate fixation in acute cervical spine injury.
Induced hypertension during restoration of flow after temporary middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat: effect on neuronal injury and edema.
Ruptured saccular aneurysm associated with duplication of the vertebral artery.
Chronic persistent cough and gastro-oesophageal reflux.
Exercise but not methacholine differentiates asthma from chronic lung disease in children.
Increased platelet aggregate formation in patients with chronic airflow obstruction and hypoxaemia.
Digital rectal examination and carcinoma of the prostate.
The ileal neobladder.
Polytetrafluoroethylene vs. polypropylene suture for endoscopic bladder neck suspension.
Application of smooth Teflon clip to inferior vena cava during radical cystectomy to prevent postoperative pulmonary embolism.
Macroscopic vasovasostomy re-examined.
Anterior urethral polyp associated with hematuria in six-year-old child.
Gallbladder and pancreatic metastases from bilateral renal carcinoma presenting with hematobilia and anemia.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura treated with plasma exchange or exchange transfusions.
Congestive heart failure. New frontiers.
Genetics of colon cancer.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Proposed guidelines for monitoring toxicity.
The clinical diagnosis of splenomegaly.
Patient acceptance of Nordiject: a new drug delivery system for growth hormone.
Testicular torsion: a surgical emergency.
Long-term angiographic follow-up after angioplasty of venous coronary bypass grafts.
Transmural distribution of myocardial edema by NMR relaxometry following myocardial ischemia and reperfusion.
Time course of creatine kinase release after termination of sustained ventricular dysrhythmias.
Effects of electrophysiologic testing of the automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator on left ventricular systolic function and diastolic filling.
Effects of long-term amiodarone therapy on the defibrillation threshold and the rate of shocks of the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
Abnormal responses to orthostatic testing in children and adolescents with recurrent unexplained syncope.
Characteristics of serial electrocardiograms in heart transplant recipients.
Electrocardiographic diagnosis of left ventricular hypertrophy in the presence of bundle branch block.
Atrial antitachycardia pacing in children and young adults.
Comparison of intravenous urokinase plus heparin versus heparin alone in acute myocardial infarction. Urochinasi per via Sistemica nell'Infarto Miocardico (USIM) Collaborative Group.
Prediction of major cardiac events after peripheral vascular surgery using dipyridamole echocardiography.
Use of amiodarone for short-term and adjuvant therapy in young patients.
Effects of enflurane on inducibility of ventricular tachycardia.
Effectiveness of imazodan for treatment of chronic congestive heart failure. The Imazodan Research Group.
Comparison of allografts and prosthetic valves when used for emergency aortic valve replacement for active infective endocarditis.
Digestion of bovine milk proteins in patients with a high jejunostomy.
Adrenocorticotropic hormone-independent bilateral adrenocortical macronodular hyperplasia as a distinct subtype of Cushing's syndrome. Enzyme histochemical and ultrastructural study of four cases with a review of the literature.
Decreasing severity of chronic uveitis in children with pauciarticular arthritis.
Treatment of ulcerated hemangiomas with the pulsed tunable dye laser.
Oral water intoxication in infants. An American epidemic
Efficacy of ivermectin for control of microfilaremia recurring after treatment with diethylcarbamazine. I. Clinical and parasitologic observations.
Eosinophil-rich, granulomatous inflammatory response to Plasmodium berghei hepatic schizonts in nonimmunized rats is age-related.
Enterobius egg granuloma of the vulva and peritoneum: review of the literature.
Pre-travel health, immunization status, and demographics of travel to the developing world for individuals visiting a travel medicine service.
Differential modulation by the stress axis of ethanol withdrawal seizure expression in WSP and WSR mice.
Reduced cerebral grey matter observed in alcoholics using magnetic resonance imaging.
Disulfiram implant: a double-blind placebo controlled follow-up on treatment outcome.
Relationship of temperature pattern and serious bacterial infections in infants 4 to 8 weeks old 24 to 48 hours after antibiotic treatment.
Trauma-precipitated migrainous hemiparesis.
Transesophageal electrocardiography using a temporary pacing balloon-tipped electrode in acute cardiac care.
Dextran-70 versus albumin as plasma expanders in cirrhotic patients with tense ascites treated with total paracentesis. Results of a randomized study
Community obstetric care in West Berkshire
Possible association between mutant frequency in peripheral lymphocytes and domestic radon concentrations
Intracerebral grafting impedes hippocampal cell loss during withdrawal after long-term alcohol consumption in rats.
Alcohol consumption of patients with supraventricular tachyarrhythmias other than atrial fibrillation.
MRI following severe perinatal asphyxia: preliminary experience.
Tentorial subdural hemorrhage in term newborns: ultrasonographic diagnosis and clinical correlates.
Cortical blindness in children: a study of etiology and prognosis.
Membrane cerebral lipids in Rett syndrome.
Phasic sleep components in infants with cyanosis during feeding.
Acute hemiplegia associated with HIV infection.
Ultrasonographic findings in thalamus and basal ganglia in term asphyxiated infants.
Delayed presentation of a carotid-cavernous sinus fistula in a patient with traumatic brain injury.
Motor unit firing rates in postpolio and control subjects during submaximal contraction.
Recurrent severe traumatic brain injury. Series of six cases.
Six-year experience with a comprehensive approach to the treatment of recurrent childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL-REZ BFM 85). A relapse study of the BFM group.
Recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia at higher age or after relapse.
Phase I-II trial of pentoxifylline for the prevention of transplant-related toxicities following bone marrow transplantation.
Proliferation and cytolytic function of anti-CD3 + interleukin-2 stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells following bone marrow transplantation.
Characterization of childhood acute leukemia with multiple myeloid and lymphoid markers at diagnosis and at relapse.
An inherited defect of neutrophil motility and microfilamentous cytoskeleton associated with abnormalities in 47-Kd and 89-Kd proteins.
Renal disease, epidermal necrosis, and epithelial cell antibodies.
The role of the pathologist in the management of breast cancer.
Surgery for chronic ear disease in a non-university hospital: open cavity, obliteration and intact canal wall techniques.
Is a single quinsy an indication for tonsillectomy?
The role of bupivacaine in post-tonsillectomy pain.
Pain in neonatal circumcision.
Therapeutic administration of fibronectin: current uses and potential applications.
The clinical management of cirrhosis.
Nonhealing leg ulcers: a manifestation of basal cell carcinoma.
Papular mucinosis in L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Type I transforming growth factor-beta receptors on neutrophils mediate chemotaxis to transforming growth factor-beta.
Effect of dietary alpha-linolenate on platelet-activating factor production in rat peritoneal polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
Single photon emission computed tomography in patients with acute hydrocephalus or with cerebral ischaemia after subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Wildervanck or cervico-oculo-acoustic syndrome and MRI findings.
Diurnal variation of essential and physiological tremor.
Immunohistochemical quantification of substance P in spinal dorsal horns of patients with multiple system atrophy.
Dementia presenting with aphasia: clinical characteristics.
The neuropsychological sequelae of attempted hanging.
Post-traumatic syringomyelia following uncomplicated spinal fracture.
Shunt failure caused by valve collapse.
Comparison of oral iodine-131-cellulose and indium-111-DTPA as tracers for colon transit scintigraphy: analysis by colon activity profiles.
An analysis of cerebral blood flow in acute closed-head injury using technetium-99m-HMPAO SPECT and computed tomography.
Cholecystokinin cholescintigraphy: detection of abnormal gallbladder motor function in patients with chronic acalculous gallbladder disease.
Isotopic findings in anomalous origin of the left coronary artery from the pulmonary artery: report of an adult case.
Gallium-SPECT in the detection of prosthetic valve endocarditis and aortic ring abscess.
Somatostatin, gastrin-releasing peptide and gastrin in the stomach of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes and insulinoma.
Increased dietary branched-chain amino acids do not improve growth in developing rats with chronic biliary obstruction.
Relevance of common tests of cerebrospinal fluid in screening for bacterial meningitis.
Asymptomatic constant isolated proteinuria in children.
Natural history of isolated atrial flutter in infancy.
Effect of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis immunization on prolonged apnea or bradycardia in siblings of sudden infant death syndrome victims.
Treatment of children with Down syndrome and growth retardation with recombinant human growth hormone.
Antimicrobial treatment of acute otitis media.
Early and late geometric changes after carotid endarterectomy patch reconstruction.
A prospective study of respiratory failure after high-risk surgery on the thoracoabdominal aorta.
Left flank retroperitoneal exposure: a technical aid to complex aortic reconstruction.
Value and limitations of secondary femoropopliteal bypasses with polytetrafluoroethylene.
The natural history of superficial femoral artery stenoses.
Vascular trauma as a result of therapeutic procedures for the treatment of malignancy.
Experience with laser-assisted balloon angioplasty and a rotary angioplasty instrument: lessons learned.
Limitations of balloon angioplasty for vein graft stenosis.
Quantitation of vascular outflow by measurement of impedance.
Vascular complications of cardiac catheterization.
Postoperative vasospasm after antegrade mesenteric revascularization: a report of three cases.
Late results of two hundred seventeen femoropopliteal bypasses to isolated popliteal artery segments.
Hip disarticulation: factors affecting outcome.
Innominate artery occlusive disease: surgical approach and long-term results.
Renal cell carcinoma with inferior vena caval involvement.
Sudden death in a child following jellyfish envenomation by Chiropsalmus quadrumanus. Case report and autopsy findings.
Aortic dissection resulting from tear of transverse arch: is concomitant arch repair warranted?
Experience in the surgical treatment of 331 patients with pulmonary hydatidosis.
Placebo-controlled, double-blind, cross-over trial of growth hormone treatment in prepubertal children with chronic renal failure.
Proinflammatory cytokines in acute asthma.
Clinical and electrophysiological aspects of acute paralytic disease of children and young adults in northern China.
Heparin treatment in sinus venous thrombosis.
Failure of wild-type or a mutant form of protein kinase C-alpha to transform fibroblasts.
Dexamethasone therapy in neonatal chronic lung disease: an international placebo-controlled trial. Collaborative Dexamethasone Trial Group.
Perinatal cocaine effects on neonatal stress behavior and performance on the Brazelton Scale.
Prolactin and cortisol levels in various paroxysmal disorders in childhood.
Long-term mental health effects of a pediatric home care program.
Who benefits from a pediatric home care program?
Acute otitis media in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children.
Neurologic outcome after electroencephalographically proven neonatal seizures.
Sticks and stones may break my bones ... reasoning about illness causality and body functioning in children who have a chronic illness.
Fecal occult blood testing. Guidelines for follow-up after positive findings.
New concepts in treatment of chronic persistent asthma. Using a stepwise protocol to control inflammation.
Staving off acute otitis media. When is prophylaxis with antibiotics desirable?
Functional significance of an overlapping consensus binding motif for Sp1 and Zif268 in the murine adenosine deaminase gene promoter.
Deletional switch recombination occurs in interleukin-4-induced isotype switching to IgE expression by human B cells.
Two-step model of leukocyte-endothelial cell interaction in inflammation: distinct roles for LECAM-1 and the leukocyte beta 2 integrins in vivo.
Transformed mammalian cells are deficient in kinase-mediated control of progression through the G1 phase of the cell cycle.
Human immunodeficiency virus induction of malignant transformation in human B lymphocytes.
Expression of a partially deleted gene of human type II procollagen (COL2A1) in transgenic mice produces a chondrodysplasia.
Two closely linked Drosophila POU domain genes are expressed in neuroblasts and sensory elements.
I-TevI, the endonuclease encoded by the mobile td intron, recognizes binding and cleavage domains on its DNA target.
Amino acid substitutions in the coat protein result in loss of insect transmissibility of a plant virus.
Chronic dermal ulcer healing enhanced with monophasic pulsed electrical stimulation.
Kikuchi-Fujimoto syndrome during pregnancy.
Fume fever and reactive airways dysfunction syndrome in a welder.
Recurrent adnexal torsion and cystadenoma of aberrant ovarian tissue.
Bouveret's syndrome: an unusual twist on the classic cause.
Candidal mediastinitis after surgical repair of esophageal perforation.
Chylothorax complicating right upper lobectomy.
Percutaneous intra-aortic balloon pump: emphasis on complications.
Laser trabeculoplasty.
Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy and Kearns-Sayre syndrome: mitochondrial DNA mutations.
The moving, projected, annual total. A kinetic prognostic entity.
Hyperthermia deaths in Finland in 1970-86.
Sudden unexpected death due to papillary fibroma of the aortic valve. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Delayed cardiac rupture due to blunt chest trauma.
A forensic application of DNA typing. Paternity determination in a putrefied fetus.
Incidence of gallstones in liver cirrhosis.
Treatment of esophageal varices: low versus high dose of 5% ethanolamine oleate.
Acute delta hepatitis: serological diagnosis with particular reference to hepatitis delta virus RNA.
Transfusion-related chronic liver disease in sickle cell anemia.
Extensive hepatic granulomas associated with peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
Endoscopic removal of inflammatory fibroid polyps of the stomach.
Reversible symptomatic biliary obstruction associated with ceftriaxone pseudolithiasis.
Could recurrent cholangitis after Roux-en-Y hepaticojejunostomy be explained by motor intestinal anomalies? A manometric study.
Narrow duct segment distal to choledochal cyst.
Successful transcatheter embolization of pseudoaneurysm associated with pancreatic pseudocyst.
Prevention and treatment of pregnancy-associated hypertension: what have we learned in the last 10 years?
The association of IgA glomerulonephritis and thin glomerular basement membrane disease in a hematuric patient: light and electron microscopic and immunofluorescence investigation.
Down syndrome due to de novo Robertsonian translocation t(14q;21q): DNA polymorphism analysis suggests that the origin of the extra 21q is maternal.
Trisomy 21: association between reduced recombination and nondisjunction.
Treatment of peptic ulcer disease with sucralfate: a review.
Incidence of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients treated with sucralfate or cimetidine as prophylaxis for stress bleeding: bacterial colonization of the stomach.
A comparison of sucralfate with placebo in the treatment of esophageal ulcers following therapeutic endoscopic sclerotherapy of esophageal varices--a prospective controlled randomized trial.
Role of acid milieu in the gastroprotective and ulcer-healing activity of sucralfate.
Comparison of sucralfate and ranitidine in the treatment of duodenal ulcers.
Longer relapse-free period after sucralfate than after H2-blocker treatment of duodenal and gastric ulcers.
Maintenance therapy with sucralfate in duodenal ulcer: genuine prevention or accelerated healing of ulcer recurrence?
Acid secretory responses and parietal cell sensitivity following duodenal ulcer healing with omeprazole, sucralfate, and Maalox.
Acid secretory changes and early relapse following duodenal ulcer healing with ranitidine or sucralfate.
Congenital arteriovenous communications and the development of two types of leaking retinal macroaneurysms.
Symptomatic retinoschisis-detachment involving the macula.
Full-field electroretinograms in patients with the carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome.
Anterior uveitis and hypopyon.
Are depressive symptoms nonspecific in patients with acute stroke?
Long-term outcome of antidepressant treatment for bulimia nervosa.
When should patients with lethal ventricular arrhythmia resume driving? An analysis of state regulations and physician practices.
Explicit memory and repetition priming in depression. Preliminary findings.
Optimal dose of neuroleptic in acute schizophrenia. A controlled study of the neuroleptic threshold and higher haloperidol dose.
Characterizing organic delusional syndrome.
Treatment of acute hypoxemic respiratory failure caused by chlorine exposure [published erratum appears in Pediatr Emerg Care 1991 Jun;7(3):151]
Using anticoagulants safely. Guidelines for therapeutic and prophylactic regimens [published erratum appears in Postgrad Med 1991 Sep 1;90(3):48]
Effect of primary-stage feline immunodeficiency virus infection on subsequent feline calicivirus vaccination and challenge in cats.
Early experience with low speed rotational angioplasty.
Immunoglobulin response to intravenous streptokinase in acute myocardial infarction.
Predictive value of ventricular arrhythmias for patency of the infarct-related coronary artery after thrombolytic therapy.
Placental bed spiral arteries in the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
The place of oophorectomy at vaginal hysterectomy.
Vulvar vestibulitis syndrome: a clinico-pathological study.
Metabolic aspects of protection by glycine against hypoxic injury to isolated proximal tubules.
Minimal role of xanthine oxidase and oxygen free radicals in rat renal tubular reoxygenation injury.
A clinical and experimental study on all-trans retinoic acid-treated acute promyelocytic leukemia patients.
A phase I trial of recombinant human interleukin-1 beta alone and in combination with myelosuppressive doses of 5-fluorouracil in patients with gastrointestinal cancer.
Enzymic control of the expression of the X determinant (CD15) in human myeloid cells during maturation: the regulatory role of 6-sialytransferase.
Changes in splenic microcirculatory pathways in chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Enhanced detection of the t(14;18) translocation in malignant lymphoma using pulsed-field gel electrophoresis.
Inhibitory effect of interleukin-4 on the in vitro growth of Ph1-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells.
Alpha-thalassemia resulting from deletion of regulatory sequences far upstream of the alpha-globin structural genes.
Molecular basis for elliptocytosis associated with glycophorin C and D deficiency in the Leach phenotype.
Efficacy of fixed minidose warfarin prophylaxis in total hip replacement.
Embolization with steel coils using a saline flush technique.
Staghorn calculi--long-term results of management.
Recurrent kidney stones: causes and diagnostic criteria in patients from Campania (southern Italy).
Inhibition by sodium-potassium citrate (CG-120) of calcium oxalate crystal growth on to kidney stone fragments obtained from extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Problems in the surgical treatment of interstitial cystitis.
Conservative treatment of vesicovaginal fistulas by bladder drainage alone.
Cystoscopic suction diathermy for the treatment of superficial bladder tumours.
Lord's procedure--the best operation for hydrocele?
Stage I seminoma of the testis. Adjuvant radiotherapy or surveillance?
Clinical patterns of paediatric urolithiasis.
The nature of the naming deficit in Alzheimer's and Huntington's disease.
Impaired phonological reading in primary degenerative dementia.
The pathophysiology of chronic relapsing experimental allergic encephalomyelitis in the Lewis rat.
The hyperekplexias and their relationship to the normal startle reflex.
Vulnerability of nerve fibres to ischaemia. A quantitative light and electron microscope study.
Alterations in the levels of iron, ferritin and other trace metals in Parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases affecting the basal ganglia.
Trunk orientation as the determining factor of the 'contralateral' deficit in the neglect syndrome and as the physical anchor of the internal representation of body orientation in space.
Balloon angioplasty for recurrent coarctation of aorta. Immediate and long-term results
Transmural distribution of myocardial tissue growth induced by volume-overload hypertrophy in the dog.
Repolarization inhomogeneities in ventricular myocardium change dynamically with abrupt cycle length shortening.
Effect of altered activation sequence on epicardial QRST area and refractory period in dogs.
Proarrhythmic response to sodium channel blockade. Theoretical model and numerical experiments.
Diagnostic accuracy of thallium-201 myocardial perfusion imaging.
Risk stratification after myocardial infarction. Clinical overview.
Myocardial perfusion imaging with thallium-201 to evaluate patients before and after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Use of echocardiography for patient management in chronic ischemic heart disease.
Computed tomography for patient management in coronary artery disease.
Clinical overview of management of chronic ischemic heart disease.
Rest and exercise radionuclide angiography for diagnosis in chronic ischemic heart disease.
IIB osteosarcoma. Current management, local control, and survival statistics--the Australian experience.
Survival and management considerations in postirradiation osteosarcoma and Paget's osteosarcoma.
Telangiectatic osteosarcoma.
Pelvic osteosarcoma. Resection, reconstruction, local control, and survival statistics.
Flow cytometric studies of human osteosarcoma.
The use of bone allografts for limb salvage in high-grade extremity osteosarcoma.
Endoprosthetic replacement for stage IIB osteosarcoma.
Limb-sparing surgery in skeletally immature patients with osteosarcoma. The use of an expandable prosthesis.
Molecular genetic considerations in osteosarcoma.
Limb salvage for osteosarcoma in the 1980s.
Involvement of the retinoblastoma gene in primary osteosarcomas and other bone and soft-tissue tumors.
The management of IIB osteosarcoma. Experience from 1976 to 1985.
Current management, local management, and survival statistics of high-grade osteosarcoma. Experience in Japan.
Telangiectatic osteogenic sarcoma of the extremities. Results in 17 patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Prolonged paralysis after treatment with neuromuscular junction blocking agents.
Septic shock and multiple organ failure.
Respiratory complications in critically ill medical patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
"Near miss" death in obstructive sleep apnea: a critical care syndrome.
Comparison of disease severity scoring systems in septic shock.
Liver glutathione and cytochrome P450 activity in experimental infection: study of the relative effects of infectious stress and malnutrition.
Cardiac function after hepatic ischemia-anoxia and reperfusion injury: a new experimental model.
Long-term postoperative dysphagia in oral/pharyngeal surgery patients: subjects' perceptions vs. videofluoroscopic observations.
Nonsurgical treatment of drooling in a patient with closed head injury and severe dysarthria.
Dysphagia after Nissen fundoplication.
Carcinoma and DNA aneuploidy in Crohn's colitis--a histological and flow cytometric study.
Involvement of neutrophils in postischaemic damage to the small intestine.
Serum concentrations of tumour necrosis factor alpha in childhood chronic inflammatory bowel disease.
Alpha 1 antitrypsin phenotypes and alcoholic pancreatitis.
Gastric antral vascular ectasia: a problem of recognition and diagnosis.
Acute gall bladder perforation--a dilemma in early diagnosis.
Enalapril prevents cardiac fibrosis and arrhythmias in hypertensive rats.
Adrenal activation and the prolactin response to exercise in eumenorrheic and amenorrheic runners.
Hypoxia-mediated in vivo release of dopamine in nucleus tractus solitarii of rabbits.
Effects of prolonged inhalation of N-formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine in rabbits.
Changes of zero-stress state of rat pulmonary arteries in hypoxic hypertension.
Behavioral arousal in newborn infants and its association with termination of apnea.
Muscle damage induced by eccentric contractions of 25% strain.
Respiratory-related recruitment of the masseter: response to hypercapnia and loading.
Mitogenic response of T-lymphocytes to exercise training and stress.
Presynaptic regulation of cardiac sympathetic function in hypoxic guinea pigs.
Pulmonary and chest wall mechanics in anesthetized paralyzed humans.
Expiratory muscle fatigue in normal subjects.
Role for tumor necrosis factor as mediator of lung injury following lower torso ischemia.
Pattern of simulated snoring is different through mouth and nose.
Malignancy and chronic wounds: Marjolin's ulcer.
Helicopter transport of the patient with acute burns.
Pressure therapy for the control of hypertrophic scar formation after burn injury. A history and review.
A technique for control of hypertrophic scarring in the central region of the face.
Type I human T cell leukemia virus tax protein transforms rat fibroblasts through the cyclic adenosine monophosphate response element binding protein/activating transcription factor pathway.
Niemann-Pick type B disease. Identification of a single codon deletion in the acid sphingomyelinase gene and genotype/phenotype correlations in type A and B patients.
Augmentation of reverse arthus reaction by mast cells in mice.
Fever response in elderly nursing home residents: are the older truly colder?
Mechanisms of gastric mucosal injury and protection.
The clinical significance and pathophysiology of stress-related gastric mucosal hemorrhage.
Prophylaxis of stress ulcer bleeding. A meta-analysis.
Geniculate neuralgia: the surgical management of primary otalgia.
Stereotactic radiosurgery for arteriovenous malformations of the brain.
Aneurysms of the intracavernous carotid artery: a multidisciplinary approach to treatment.
Hyperglycemia and neurological outcome in patients with head injury.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage in sickle-cell disease.
Induction of transformational changes in normal endothelial cells by cultured human astrocytoma cells.
Treatment of vasospasm with a 480-nm pulsed-dye laser.
Curative treatment of scalp arteriovenous fistulas by direct puncture and embolization with absolute alcohol. Report of three cases.
Sciatic nerve entrapment in a child. Case report.
Diagnosis and treatment of oral candidosis.
Superiority of granisetron to dexamethasone plus prochlorperazine in the prevention of chemotherapy-induced emesis.
Cardiac toxicity 4 to 20 years after completing anthracycline therapy.
A critical evaluation of new agents for the treatment of sepsis.
Effect of Iraqi missile war on incidence of acute myocardial infarction and sudden death in Israeli civilians.
The treatment of small acoustic tumors: now or later?
Computerized tomography and magnetic resonance imaging following cranial base surgery.
Quantifying the spread of botulinum toxin through muscle fascia.
cis-platinum ototoxicity in children.
Ventilatory response to sustained hypoxia during exercise.
Association of hypovolemia after subarachnoid hemorrhage with computed tomographic scan evidence of raised intracranial pressure.
Intracanalicular acoustic neurinomas.
Ependymoma: internal correlations among pathological signs: the anaplastic variant.
Anterior decompression in cervical spine trauma: does the timing of surgery affect the outcome?
Chronic perineal pain related to sacral meningeal cysts.
Hemodynamic response with passive neck flexion in brain death.
Evaluation and treatment of aneurysms of the vertebral artery: different strategies for different lesions.
Ataxic hemiparesis associated with ipsilateral cerebellar syndrome caused by a paracentral gyrus lesion.
The danger of an ultra-early computed tomographic scan in a patient with an evolving acute epidural hematoma.
Reversal of a dense, persistent, holohemispheric neurological deficit after an endarterectomy of the carotid artery: case report.
Hemorrhagic venous infarction after excision of an arteriovenous malformation: case report.
Cyst of the ligamentum flavum: report of six cases.
Prominent meningeal "tail sign" in a patient with a metastatic tumor.
Structural abnormalities of the craniofacial complex and congenital malformations.
Managing common dental problems and emergencies.
Fluid collections developing after pancreatic transplantation: radiologic evaluation and intervention.
Small, deep pelvic abscesses: definition and drainage guided with an endovaginal probe.
Pelvic abscesses: CT-guided transrectal drainage.
US-guided transvaginal drainage of pelvic abscesses and fluid collections.
Penetrating atherosclerotic aortic ulcer with dissecting hematoma: control of bleeding with percutaneous embolization.
Hemodialysis grafts: color Doppler flow imaging correlated with digital subtraction angiography and functional status.
Induction of inflammatory arthropathy resembling rheumatoid arthritis in mice transgenic for HTLV-I.
Analysis of morbidity and mortality rates in right hepatectomy with the preoperative APACHE II score.
The hemodynamic response to hemorrhage in tumor-bearing animals.
Cerebral hemodynamic effects of fluid resuscitation in the presence of an experimental intracranial mass.
The detrimental effects of intravenous crystalloid after aortotomy in swine
Artificially induced ventricular fibrillation in the management of through-and-through penetrating wounds of the aortic arch: a case report.
Duodenobronchial fistula.
Pancreaticobronchial fistula causing lung abscess: case report and brief discussion of the literature.
Placement of an ileal loop urinary diversion back in continuity with the intestinal tract.
Compartment syndrome complicating prolonged use of the lithotomy position.
Testicular scanning: evaluating the acute scrotum in the clinical setting.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis as host response to papillary renal cell carcinoma.
Activated T-cell subsets in benign lymphoid hyperplasias and B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
Morphologic features and nuclide composition of infarction-associated cardiac myocyte mineralization in humans.
Comparison of the combined effects of atropine and neostigmine with atropine and edrophonium on the lower oesophageal sphincter.
A comparison of dopexamine and dopamine to prevent renal impairment in patients undergoing orthotopic liver transplantation.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita. Caesarean section under epidural anaesthesia.
Unilateral pulmonary oedema of the contralateral lung following transaxillary sympathectomy.
Thoracic epidural analgesia in a patient with bilateral phaeochromocytoma undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting.
Papaveretum infusions in infants under 6 months of age.
The effect of intrathecal morphine on somatosensory evoked potentials in awake humans.
Effects of calcium-free solution, calcium antagonists, and the calcium agonist BAY K 8644 on mechanical responses of skeletal muscle from patients susceptible to malignant hyperthermia.
Effect of epidural clonidine on analgesia and pharmacokinetics of epidural fentanyl in postoperative patients.
Blood conservation techniques and platelet function in cardiac surgery.
Postoperative epidural morphine is safe on surgical wards.
A critical review of the evidence supporting a relationship between impaired fibrinolytic activity and venous thromboembolism.
Air travel in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Bacteremia in febrile patients. A clinical model for diagnosis.
Iatrogenic renal disease.
Symptoms associated with tamoxifen treatment in postmenopausal women.
Cushing's disease and cutaneous alternariosis.
Drug-induced fever due to diltiazem.
Sudden cardiac death: management of high-risk patients
Severe limb abnormalities after chorion villus sampling at 56-66 days' gestation
Diagnosis of genetic disease by primer-specified restriction map modification, with application to cystic fibrosis and retinitis pigmentosa
Mefloquine-resistant falciparum malaria on the Thai-Burmese border
Prostaglandin F2 alpha inhibits the ammoniagenic response to acute acidosis in LLC-PK1 cells.
Inorganic mercury transport in the proximal tubule of the rabbit.
Orbital lesions with granulomatous inflammation.
Short and long term outcome of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in unstable versus stable angina pectoris: a report of the 1985-1986 NHLBI PTCA Registry.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty utilizing prolonged balloon inflations: initial results and six-month follow-up.
Intravascular stents in the management of superior vena cava syndrome.
Effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition on the incidence of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Abrupt vessel closure following platelet transfusion post-PTCA.
Percutaneous mitral valvuloplasty following surgical repair of sinus venosus atrial septal defect.
Ventricular fibrillation complicating endomyocardial biopsy of a cardiac allograft.
C4A deficiency and poor prognosis in patients with IgA nephropathy.
Acute thrombosis of the renal transplant artery: a case report and review of the literature.
Diffuse mesangial sclerosis in a fetus.
Haemolytic effects of exercise.
Diagnostic utility of ventilation/perfusion lung scans in acute pulmonary embolism is not diminished by pre-existing cardiac or pulmonary disease.
Tuberculosis diagnosed at death in the United States.
Itraconazole in the treatment of coccidioidomycosis.
Cine magnetic resonance imaging for diagnosis of right coronary arterial-ventricular fistula.
Right ventricular pacing and left ventricular filling pattern. An echo-Doppler study.
The value of portable chest roentgenography in adult respiratory distress syndrome. Comparison with computed tomography.
Nasal positive pressure ventilation in patients with acute respiratory failure. Difficult and time-consuming procedure for nurses.
Tranexamic acid treatment of hemothorax in two patients with malignant mesothelioma.
Chronic reactive airway disease following acute chlorine gas exposure in an asymptomatic atopic patient.
Successful management of CMV pneumonia in a mechanically ventilated patient.
Prostaglandin F2 alpha and indomethacin in hepatogenic pulmonary angiodysplasia. Effects on pulmonary hemodynamics and gas exchange.
Fatal pulmonary aspergillosis presenting as acute eosinophilic pneumonia in a previously healthy child.
Prolonged reversible quadriparesis in mechanically ventilated patients who received long-term infusions of vecuronium.
Complications of endoscopic sphincterotomy. A prospective series with emphasis on the increased risk associated with sphincter of Oddi dysfunction and nondilated bile ducts.
Prophylactic sclerotherapy in high-risk cirrhotics selected by endoscopic criteria. A multicenter randomized controlled trial.
Epidemiology of colonic symptoms and the irritable bowel syndrome.
The origin of symptoms on the brain-gut axis in functional dyspepsia.
Are there interactions and relations between genetic and environmental factors predisposing to high blood pressure?
Shortlasting, unilateral, neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection, tearing, and subclinical forehead sweating ("Sunct" syndrome): II. Changes in heart rate and arterial blood pressure during pain paroxysms.
Observations on massive retrieved human allografts.
Unwashed filtered shed blood collected after knee and hip arthroplasties. A source of autologous red blood cells.
Long-term roentgenographic and functional changes in patients who were treated with wide fenestration for central lumbar stenosis.
Open reduction and internal fixation of two-part displaced fractures of the greater tuberosity of the proximal part of the humerus.
Use of the Souter-Strathclyde total elbow prosthesis in patients who have rheumatoid arthritis.
Intra-articular fractures of the distal part of the radius treated with the small AO external fixator.
The symptomatic os subfibulare. Avulsion fracture of the fibula associated with recurrent instability of the ankle.
Elevated plasma adrenocorticotropin (ACTH) with adrenal hyperplasia: a new factor in ACTH regulation?
Pheochromocytoma with pyrexia and marked inflammatory signs: a paraneoplastic syndrome with possible relation to interleukin-6 production.
Treatment of acute myeloid leukaemia in a renal allograft recipient: implications of cyclosporin immunosuppressive treatment.
Assessment of the role of the glucocorticoid system in aging processes and in the action of food restriction.
Decreased plasticity of glucoregulatory responses in aged rats: effects of chronic stress.
Effect of age on fever response to recombinant tumor necrosis factor alpha in a murine model.
Recognizing and naming tunes: memory impairment in the elderly.
Social density, stressors, and depression: gender differences among the black elderly.
Race and the self-reported health of elderly persons.
Analysis of anti-tumor antibodies in mice and rabbits induced by monoclonal anti-idiotope antibodies.
Rectus sheath hematoma in an anticoagulated patient.
Measurement of tissue oxygen tension: comparison between two subcutaneous oxygen tonometers.
Psychiatric illness in patients with chronic fatigue and those with rheumatoid arthritis
Combination therapy of OK432 and recombinant human interferon alpha A/D on viral myocarditis in mice starting after infection.
The role of serotonin (5HT2) receptor blockade in myocardial reperfusion injury: effects of LY53857 in a canine model of myocardial infarction.
Hypoxemia is associated with mitochondrial DNA damage and gene induction. Implications for cardiac disease
Complications of infection and immunologic status after surgery for patients with esophageal cancer.
Neutrophil apoptosis and clearance from neonatal lungs.
Association of nm23-H1 allelic deletions with distant metastases in colorectal carcinoma.
Variations in anatomy of the ulnar nerve at the cubital tunnel: pitfalls in the diagnosis of ulnar neuropathy at the elbow.
Glucocorticoids and immunosuppressants do not change the prevalence of necrosis and regeneration in mdx skeletal muscles.
Abnormal coronary vasoconstriction as a predictor of restenosis after successful coronary angioplasty in patients with unstable angina pectoris.
Analgesic effect of intraarticular morphine after arthroscopic knee surgery
Helicobacter pylori infection and the risk of gastric carcinoma
Occurrence of stroke associated with use/abuse of drugs.
Clinicopathologic observations in essential tremor: report of six cases.
The occurrence of epilepsy and febrile seizures in Virginian and Norwegian twins.
Fetal akinesia deformation sequence (Pena-Shokeir phenotype) associated with acquired intrauterine brain damage.
Inflammation at the neuromuscular junction in myasthenia gravis.
Plasticity of central motor pathways in children with hemiplegic cerebral palsy.
9p monosomy in a patient with Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome.
Hemidystonia due to a contralateral parieto-occipital metastasis: disappearance after removal of the mass lesion.
Types of posterior capsular breaks and their surgical implications.
Dacryocystorhinostomy in osteopetrosis.
Infectious crystalline keratopathy occurring in an eye subsequent to glaucoma filtering surgery with postoperative subconjunctival 5-fluorouracil.
Initial 5-fluorouracil trabeculectomy in uncomplicated glaucoma.
Molteno implantation for glaucoma in young patients.
Use of trabeculectomy with postoperative 5-fluorouracil in patients requiring extremely low intraocular pressure levels to limit further glaucoma progression.
Long-term efficacy of repeat argon laser trabeculoplasty.
Intraocular pressure-dependent retinal vascular change in adult chronic open-angle glaucoma patients.
Management of advanced retinopathy of prematurity in the older patient.
Vitrectomy for premacular fibroplasia. Prognostic factors, long-term follow-up, and time course of visual improvement.
Pneumatic retinopexy. A two-year follow-up study of the multicenter clinical trial comparing pneumatic retinopexy with scleral buckling.
Frequency of adverse systemic reactions after fluorescein angiography. Results of a prospective study.
Median lip fissure: etiology and suggested treatment.
Cervical necrotizing fasciitis of odontogenic origin.
Recurrent buccal space abscesses: a complication of Crohn's disease.
Pneumoparotid: a case report.
Clinical features of Behcet's disease. Report of four cases.
Acute pulpal-alveolar cellulitis syndrome. V. Apical closure of immature teeth by infection control: the importance of an endodontic seal with therapeutic factors. Part 2.
Recurrent varicella-zoster virus infections in apparently immunocompetent children.
Compulsive overeating.
Jaundice and cholestasis. Some common and uncommon causes.
Cell cycle regulation of histone H1 kinase activity associated with the adenoviral protein E1A.
Viral persistence in neurons explained by lack of major histocompatibility class I expression.
Pectus excavatum: a 15-year perspective.
Reactive arthritis due to hidradenitis suppurativa mimicking osteomyelitis.
Testicular abscess caused by Salmonella typhi.
Efficacy and toxicity of thromboxane synthetase inhibitor for cerebral vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Traumatic carotid-cavernous sinus fistula associated with an intradural pseudoaneurysm: a case report.
Lymphocytic adenohypophysitis: an immunohistochemical study.
Cerebral vasospasm in elderly patients with ruptured intracranial aneurysms.
Follow-up study of unruptured aneurysms arising from the C3 and C4 segments of the internal carotid artery.
Chronic diffuse infiltrative lung disease: comparison of diagnostic accuracy of high-resolution and conventional CT.
Diagnosis and localization of laceration of the thoracic duct: usefulness of lymphangiography and CT.
Localization and needle aspiration of breast lesions: complications in 370 cases.
CT appearance of splenic injuries managed nonoperatively.
Percutaneous biopsy of left adrenal masses: prevalence of pancreatitis after anterior approach.
Abnormalities of the foot in patients with diabetes mellitus: findings on MR imaging.
Coronary atherosclerotic plaques with and without thrombus in ischemic heart syndromes: a morphologic, immunohistochemical, and biochemical study.
Effects of early captopril administration on infarct expansion, left ventricular remodeling and exercise capacity after acute myocardial infarction.
Asymptomatic myocardial ischemia during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and importance of prior Q-wave infarction and diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous and oral propafenone in pediatric cardiac dysrhythmias.
Diagnostic accuracy of exercise thallium-201 single-photon emission computed tomography in patients with left bundle branch block.
Midventricular obstruction associated with chronic systemic hypertension and severe left ventricular hypertrophy.
High-molecular-weight alkaline phosphatase in serum has properties similar to the enzyme in plasma membranes of the liver.
The low risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patients dispensed corticosteroids.
Increased all-cause and cardiac morbidity and mortality associated with the diagonal earlobe crease: a prospective cohort study.
Aortoesophageal fistula: a comprehensive review of the literature.
Stroke prevention in women: role of aspirin versus ticlopidine.
Syndrome of severe skin disease, eosinophilia, and dermatopathic lymphadenopathy in patients with HTLV-II complicating human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Short-term variation in abnormal antenatal fetal heart rate records.
Prognostic factors and complication rates for cervical cerclage: a review of 482 cases.
Incidental appendectomy during videolaseroscopy.
Risks associated with an elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein level.
Study of 156 cases of polyhydramnios and congenital malformations in a series of 118,265 consecutive births.
Recurrent mild abruptio placentae occurring immediately after repeated electroconvulsive therapy in pregnancy.
Funic reduction for the management of umbilical cord prolapse.
Prospective evaluation of maternal serum human chorionic gonadotropin levels in 3428 pregnancies.
Hemostatic wrapping of ruptured liver in two postpartum patients.
Maternal plasma level of endothelin is increased in preeclampsia.
Pelvic denervation for chronic pain associated with endometriosis: fact or fancy?
The effect of interleukin-1 on adhesion formation in the rat.
Venous gangrene (phlegmasia caerulea dolens) complicating heart failure from severe mitral stenosis--a case history.
Ulcerative tracheobronchitis after lung transplantation. A new form of invasive aspergillosis.
Clinical and inflammatory responses to exogenous tachykinins in allergic rhinitis.
Antigen-provoked increase in histamine reactivity. Observations on mechanisms.
Lung function in school-age children who had mild lower respiratory illnesses in early childhood.
Physician practices in the prevention of venous thromboembolism.
Clinical genetics and genetic counseling in Alzheimer disease.
Medullary catecholaminergic neurons in the normal human brain and in Parkinson's disease.
The acetylcholine-induced flare response in evaluation of small fiber dysfunction.
Strongly succinate dehydrogenase-reactive blood vessels in muscles from patients with mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes.
Epilepsy surgery in the posterior cortex.
Motor responses after transcranial electrical stimulation of cerebral hemispheres with a degenerated pyramidal tract.
Intracerebral hemorrhage: external validation and extension of a model for prediction of 30-day survival.
Chorea-acanthocytosis: abnormal composition of covalently bound fatty acids of erythrocyte membrane proteins.
High-speed memory scanning in Parkinson's disease: adverse effects of levodopa.
The time course and magnitude of spontaneous recovery of parkinsonism produced by intracarotid administration of 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine to monkeys.
Deletion of mitochondrial DNA in patients with combined features of Kearns-Sayre and MELAS syndromes.
Fatal disseminated hemorrhagic toxoplasmic encephalitis as the initial manifestation of AIDS.
Acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis. Analysis of 63 cases.
Generalized pustular psoriasis. A review of 63 cases.
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus, morphea, and coexistence of both diseases. Histological studies using lectins.
Generalized pustulation as a manifestation of the anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome.
Use of secondary prophylaxis against myocardial infarction in the north of England
Postblepharoplasty ectropion. Prevention and management.
The rectus abdominis free flap in head and neck reconstruction.
The causes and complications of late diagnosis of foreign body aspiration in children. Report of 210 cases.
The prognostic value of endotracheal tube-air leak following tracheal surgery in children.
Actinomycosis in obstructive tonsillar hypertrophy and recurrent tonsillitis.
Complications following ventilation of the middle ear using Goode T tubes.
Facial weakness. A comparison of clinical and photographic methods of observation.
Cytokine-endothelial interactions in inflammation, immunity, and vascular injury.
Moderate protection of renal function and reduction of fibrosis by colchicine in a model of anti-GBM disease in the rabbit.
Soft tissue sarcoma of the pleural cavity.
Mesenteric infarction secondary to tumor emboli from primary aortic sarcoma. Guidelines for diagnosis and management.
Later recurrence and longer survival among obese patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Incidence of ultrasound-detected intrahepatic hematomas due to Tru-cut needle liver biopsy.
Role of bile acids in splanchnic hemodynamic response to chronic portal hypertension.
Abnormal perception of visceral pain in response to gastric distension in chronic idiopathic dyspepsia. The irritable stomach syndrome.
Idiopathic gastroparesis in patients with unexplained nausea and vomiting.
Cirrhosis of the liver. A regenerative process.
Endocrine responses to long-term administration of the antiprogesterone RU486 in patients with pelvic endometriosis.
The stimulus responsible for the peritoneal fluid inflammation observed in infertile women with endometriosis.
Multifactorial analysis of fertility after conservative laparoscopic treatment of ectopic pregnancy in a series of 223 patients.
Effect of hyaluronic acid on postoperative intraperitoneal adhesion formation in the rat model.
Effect of hyaluronic acid on postoperative intraperitoneal adhesion formation and reformation in the rat model.
Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome associated with endodermal sinus tumor of the ovary.
Electrophysiologic analysis of early Parkinson's disease.
Long-latency neurodegenerative disease in the western Pacific.
Genetic susceptibility to Parkinson's disease.
Effect of lung hyperinflation and endotracheal suctioning on heart rate and rhythm in patients after coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Clinical decision making of critical care nurses managing computer-simulated tachydysrhythmias.
Effect of level of patient acuity on clinical decision making of critical care nurses with varying levels of knowledge and experience.
Common reactions to transfusions.
Coronal alignment after total knee replacement.
Measurement of hip prostheses using image analysis. The maxima hip technique.
Survivorship analysis and confidence intervals. An assessment with reference to the Stanmore total knee replacement.
Arthroscopic stapling for detached superior glenoid labrum.
Revision of failed knee replacements using fixed-axis hinges.
Prosthetic replacement of the distal femur for primary bone tumours.
Total hip replacement for juvenile chronic arthritis.
Effect of hypotensive epidural anaesthesia on acetabular cement-bone fixation in total hip arthroplasty.
Total arthroplasty of the hip after childhood sepsis.
Polyethylene wear from retrieved acetabular cups.
Intracapsular fractures of the neck of femur. Parallel or crossed garden screws?
Vascularised fibular graft for congenital pseudarthrosis of the tibia. Long-term results.
Periorbital necrobiotic xanthogranuloma and stage I multiple myeloma. Ultrastructure and response to pulsed dexamethasone documented by magnetic resonance imaging.
Proteus syndrome. Ultrastructural study of linear verrucous and depigmented nevi.
Annular atrophic lichen planus.
Spirochetes in atrophic skin lesions accompanied by minimal host response in a child with Lyme disease.
Hydroa vacciniforme with unusually severe scar formation: diagnosis by repetitive UVA phototesting.
PUVA-induced lymphomatoid papulosis in a patient with mycosis fungoides.
Unilateral erythromelanosis follicularis faciei et colli in a young girl.
Omenn's syndrome and related combined immunodeficiency syndromes: diagnostic considerations in infants with persistent erythroderma and failure to thrive.
Value of electrocardiographic leads MCL1, MCL6 and other selected leads in the diagnosis of wide QRS complex tachycardia.
Limitations of thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction complicated by congestive heart failure and cardiogenic shock.
Comparison of catheter ablation using radiofrequency versus direct current energy: biophysical, electrophysiologic and pathologic observations.
Excimer laser-facilitated balloon angioplasty of a nondilatable lesion.
Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty of proximal subclavian artery stenosis after left internal mammary to left anterior descending artery bypass surgery.
A placebo-controlled trial of continuous intravenous diltiazem infusion for 24-hour heart rate control during atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter: a multicenter study.
Relation between ST segment shifts during ischemia and thrombin activity in patients with unstable angina.
Demonstration of myocardial reperfusion injury in humans: results of a pilot study utilizing acute coronary angioplasty with perfluorochemical in anterior myocardial infarction.
Decreasing survival benefit from cardiac transplantation for outpatients as the waiting list lengthens.
Sustained ventricular tachycardia associated with sarcoidosis: assessment of the underlying cardiac anatomy and the prospective utility of programmed ventricular stimulation, drug therapy and an implantable antitachycardia device.
Patterns in visual interpretation of coronary arteriograms as detected by quantitative coronary arteriography.
First-pass nuclear magnetic resonance imaging studies using gadolinium-DTPA in patients with coronary artery disease.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinic-initiated, Canadian multicenter trial of topical edoxudine 3.0% cream in the treatment of recurrent genital herpes. Canadian Cooperative Study Group.
Epidemiology of acute rheumatic fever in a multiethnic, multiracial urban community: the Miami-Dade County experience.
Visceral leishmaniasis: a difficult diagnosis and unusual causative agent.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled cytogenetic study of oral acyclovir in patients with recurrent genital herpes.
Extended duration of herpes simplex virus DNA in genital lesions detected by the polymerase chain reaction.
Lack of effect of peroral acyclovir for the treatment of acute infectious mononucleosis.
Patients admitted to the emergency room with symptoms indicative of acute myocardial infarction.
Clinical symptoms in young adults with atypical chest pain attending the emergency department.
Cerebral haemorrhage in a French prospective population study.
Mid-brain pathology of Wilson's disease: MRI analysis of three cases.
Anterograde amnesia with fornix damage following removal of IIIrd ventricle colloid cyst.
Psychosis following temporal lobe surgery: a report of six cases.
The long distance effects of brain lesions: visualization of axonal pathways and their terminations in the human brain by the Nauta method.
Uncompacted inner myelin lamellae in inherited tendency to pressure palsy.
Brain stem atrophy in Joseph disease: a morphometric study using two-dimensional (area) measurement by computed tomography.
Nocturnal sleep in Huntington's disease.
Rheumatoid arthritis in Israeli Jews: shared sequences in the third hypervariable region of DRB1 alleles are associated with susceptibility.
Antiinflammatory and antiarthritic properties of a substituted quinoline carboxylic acid: CL 306,293.
The eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: the Los Alamos Conference.
Sulfasalazine treatment in juvenile chronic arthritis: an open study.
Fever in adult onset Still's disease. Response to methotrexate.
Temporarily implanted urethral coil stent for the treatment of recurrent urethral strictures: a preliminary report.
Management of persistent or recurrent urinary incontinence after placement of artificial urinary sphincter.
The outcome of prostatectomy on chronic retention of urine.
Radical prostatectomy for stage A adenocarcinoma of the prostate: staging errors and their implications for treatment recommendations and disease outcome.
Celiac axis and superior mesenteric artery injury associated with left radical nephrectomy for locally advanced renal cell carcinoma.
Hydroureteronephrosis secondary to perforated Meckel's diverticulum.
Successful term delivery by cesarean section in a patient with a continent ileocecal urinary reservoir.
Colovesical fistula secondary to vesical gangrene in a diabetic patient.
A case of granulomatous hepatitis after intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin administration.
Simultaneous ipsilateral vasal and epididymal reconstruction.
Relative importance of eight virulence characteristics of pyelonephritogenic Escherichia coli strains assessed by multivariate statistical analysis.
Transplantation of kidneys from pediatric cadaver donors to adult recipients.
The cold-knife technique for endourological management of stenoses in the upper urinary tract.
Transureteroureterostomy and terminal loop cutaneous ureterostomy in advanced pelvic malignancies.
Repair of severe anterior vaginal wall prolapse (grade IV cystourethrocele).
Treatment of posterior urethral strictures with a titanium urethral stent.
The Washington University-Barnes Hospital experience with lung transplantation. Washington University Lung Transplantation Group
Patient-controlled analgesia. Does a concurrent opioid infusion improve pain management after surgery?
The role of albumin in human physiology and pathophysiology, Part III: Albumin and disease states.
Use of albumin as a volume expander.
IgA nephropathy in blacks: studies of IgA2 allotypes and clinical course.
Role of duplex scanning for the detection of atherosclerotic renal artery disease.
Pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis post-partial ileal bypass surgery: case-control study. The POSCH Group.
Neurological and neuropathological sequelae of correction of chronic hyponatremia.
Esophageal motility disorders and chest pain.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease as a cause of chest pain.
Microvascular angina. Cardiovascular investigations regarding pathophysiology and management.
Mitral valve prolapse, panic disorder, and chest pain.
The relationship between esophageal motility disorders and microvascular angina.
Validating studies for panic disorder in patients with angiographically normal coronary arteries.
Unexplained chest pain and breathlessness.
Psychiatric aspects of chest pain in the emergency department.
Pain threshold levels and coping strategies among patients who have chest pain and normal coronary arteries.
Practical approach to the diagnosis of unexplained chest pain.
Variable histotoxicity of histoacryl when used in a subcutaneous site: an experimental study.
Autologous fat injection for vocal cord medialization in the canine larynx.
Fatal and other major complications of endoscopic sinus surgery.
Studying whole-mounted sections of the paranasal sinuses to understand the complications of endoscopic sinus surgery.
The intranasal ethmoidectomy: an experience with 1,077 procedures.
Long-term results after lateral cranial base surgery.
The use of absorbable sutures in laser-assisted microvascular anastomoses.
Iodine-125 seed implantation as an adjunct to surgery in advanced recurrent squamous cell cancer of the head and neck.
Patency rate of endoscopic middle meatus antrostomy.
Ossicular chain reconstruction: a combined prosthesis with organic and synthetic material.
Experimental treatment of thrombotic vascular occlusion.
A selective deficit for writing vowels in acquired dysgraphia
Identification and mapping to chromosome 1 of a susceptibility locus for periinsulitis in non-obese diabetic mice.
Recognition of UGA as a selenocysteine codon in type I deiodinase requires sequences in the 3' untranslated region.
WT1 mutations contribute to abnormal genital system development and hereditary Wilms' tumour.
Epithelial downgrowth following the removal of iris inclusion cysts.
Anterior capsule adherence to iris leading to pseudophakic pupillary block.
Techniques for application of tissue adhesive for corneal perforations.
Repair of inferior iridodialysis using a partial-thickness scleral flap.
Pain characterization in cancer patients and the analgetic response to epidural morphine.
The effect of streptokinase on chest pain in acute myocardial infarction.
Confirming the theoretical structure of the McGill Pain Questionnaire in acute clinical pain.
The development of a Norwegian pain questionnaire.
Stress analgesia: the opioid analgesia of long swims suppresses the non-opioid analgesia induced by short swims in mice.
Chronic pain: a PET study of the central effects of percutaneous high cervical cordotomy.
Pediatric emergency transport and the private practitioner.
Is a chest radiograph necessary in the evaluation of every febrile infant less than 8 weeks of age?
Neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and physical and cognitive performance at 17 years of age.
Gastroesophageal reflux, as measured by 24-hour pH monitoring, in 509 healthy infants screened for risk of sudden infant death syndrome.
Variation in intravaginal pressure measurements.
A cluster of related zinc finger protein genes is deleted in the mouse embryonic lethal mutation tw18.
Molecular characterization of a region of DNA associated with mutations at the agouti locus in the mouse.
Selection criteria for successful immediate breast reconstruction.
Breast reconstruction utilizing subcutaneous tissue expansion followed by polyurethane-covered silicone implants: a 6-year experience.
Management of the recalcitrant total-hip arthroplasty wound.
An unknown syndrome of nose deformity, oxycephaly, aplasia of the nasolacrimal ducts, and symmetrical cyst formation on the upper lip in siblings: craniorhiny.
Nutritional supplementation, psychosocial stimulation, and growth of stunted children: the Jamaican study.
Dietary risk factors associated with acute and persistent diarrhea in children in Karachi, Pakistan.
Detection of deletions and cryptic translocations in Miller-Dieker syndrome by in situ hybridization.
Lowe oculocerebrorenal syndrome in a female with a balanced X;20 translocation: mapping of the X chromosome breakpoint.
Deletions within the pseudoautosomal region help map three new markers and indicate a possible role of this region in linear growth.
Loss of heterozygosity for alleles on chromosome II in cervical carcinoma.
Homozygosity for a newly identified missense mutation in a patient with very severe combined immunodeficiency due to adenosine deaminase deficiency (ADA-SCID).
Case report: hepatic hydrothorax without ascites.
Case report: epidural and bilateral retroorbital hematomas complicating sickle cell anemia.
Altered beta adrenergic receptor function in subjects with symptomatic mitral valve prolapse.
High nocturnal body temperature in premenstrual syndrome and late luteal phase dysphoric disorder.
Cognitive outcome following tricyclic and electroconvulsive treatment of major depression in the elderly.
Predictors of relapse into major depressive disorder in a nonclinical population.
Arthrofibrosis in acute anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. The effect of timing of reconstruction and rehabilitation.
Modification of the Bankart reconstruction with a suture anchor. Report of a new technique.
Postoperative pulmonary edema in young, athletic adults.
Neuropsychologic test performance in amateur boxers.
Treatment of acute systemic toxicity after the rapid intravenous injection of ropivacaine and bupivacaine in the conscious dog.
Comparison of 40 milliliters of 0.25% intrapleural bupivacaine with epinephrine with 20 milliliters of 0.5% intrapleural bupivacaine with epinephrine after cholecystectomy.
Epidural sufentanil for postoperative analgesia: dose-response in patients recovering from major gynecologic surgery.
Safety and possible efficacy of fiberoptic bronchoscopy with lavage in the management of refractory asthma with mucous impaction.
Utilizing lung sounds analysis for the evaluation of acute asthma in small children.
Presence of the terminal complement complex (C5b-9) precedes myelin degradation in immune-mediated demyelination of the rat peripheral nervous system.
Does tremor pace repetitive voluntary motor behavior in Parkinson's disease?
Uhthoff's symptom in optic neuritis: relationship to magnetic resonance imaging and development of multiple sclerosis.
Paravermal infarct and isolated cerebellar dysarthria.
Bilateral sequential lung transplantation: the procedure of choice for double-lung replacement.
Current treatment for Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: results and surgical implications.
Acute postinfarction septal rupture: long-term results.
Conventional blood conservation techniques in 500 consecutive coronary artery bypass operations.
Sepsis after coronary bypass grafting: evidence for loss of the gut mucosal barrier.
Early postoperative sternal approximation after ITA harvesting: computed tomographic evaluation.
Bezold-Jarisch reflex in postoperative pediatric cardiac surgical patients.
Combined thoracic aortic dissection and abdominal aortic fusiform aneurysm.
Complement activation during bypass in acquired C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency.
Successful combined operation for Takayasu's arteritis.
Pericardial mass mimicking constrictive pericarditis.
Perfusion without systemic heparinization for rewarming in accidental hypothermia.
Peritoneopericardial diaphragmatic hernia discovered at coronary bypass operation.
Resternotomy in patients with valved conduits adherent to the sternum.
Surgical cure of cardiac arrhythmia. 1969.
Surgical correction of coarctation in early infancy: does surgical technique influence the result?
Coarctation: do we need to resect ductal tissue?
Coarctation and hypoplasia of the aortic arch: will the arch grow?
Role of extended aortoplasty related to the definition of coarctation of the aorta.
Role of balloon angioplasty in the treatment of aortic coarctation.
Staged repair of interrupted aortic arch and ventricular septal defect in infancy.
Surgical management of diffuse subaortic stenosis: an integrated approach.
Extended aortic root replacement with cryopreserved allografts: do they hold up?
The Damus-Fontan procedure.
Hypoplastic left heart syndrome.
Intermediate procedures after first-stage Norwood operation facilitate subsequent repair.
Transplantation after first-stage reconstruction for hypoplastic left heart syndrome.
Heart transplantation in children: an international survey.
Hurthle cell hyperplasia and sarcoidosis of the thyroid.
Mesonephric rest hyperplasia. A potential diagnostic pitfall.
Effectiveness of histopathological diagnoses in dysfunction of hepatic transplantation. Review of 146 histopathological studies from 53 transplants.
The coexistence of tics and dystonia.
Finger tremor after carbon disulfide-based pesticide exposures.
Delayed postanoxic encephalopathy after strangulation. Serial neuroradiological and neurochemical studies.
National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group Report on High Blood Pressure in Pregnancy
Electrophysiologic analysis of early Parkinson's disease.
Stress and alcohol interaction: an update of human research.
CT, MRI, and autopsy findings in brain of a patient with MELAS.
Intralesional interferon gamma treatment for keloids and hypertrophic scars.
Safety and efficacy of repeat thrombolytic treatment after acute myocardial infarction.
The prophylactic use of cyclooxygenase inhibitors in recurrent herpes simplex infections.
Characterization of recombinant factor VIII and a recombinant factor VIII deletion mutant using a rabbit immunogenicity model system.
Feeding regimens after pyloromyotomy.
Different lectin-binding patterns in primary breast cancers and their metastases.
Brachial approach to emergency cardiac catheterization during thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction. TAMI Study Group.
The benefit of the Hemonetics cell saver apparatus during cardiac surgery.
Potassium accumulation in the globally ischemic mammalian heart. A role for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel.
A comparison of the effects of ipratropium bromide and metaproterenol sulfate in acute exacerbations of COPD.
Identical orocecal transit time and serum motilin in hyperthermia and normothermia.
Vitamin A levels in premenstrual syndrome.
Microbiological analysis of sepsis complicating non-surgical biliary drainage in malignant obstruction.
Human immunodeficiency virus exanthem.
Fate of patients with acute myocardial infarction with patency of the infarct-related vessel achieved with successful thrombolysis versus rescue angioplasty.
Repeat infusion of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator in patients with acute myocardial infarction and early recurrent myocardial ischemia.
The role of endogenous free radical scavengers on tissue recovery in the experimental ulcer model.
Intracranial hemorrhage and hemophilia: case report and management guidelines.
Gene deletions force nonsecretory alpha-chain disease plasma cells to produce membrane-form alpha-chain only.
Induction of T helper cell unresponsiveness to antigen by macrophages from schistosomal egg granulomas. A basis for immunomodulation in schistosomiasis?
A phase IA trial of sequential administration recombinant DNA-produced interferons: combination recombinant interferon gamma and recombinant interferon alfa in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Continuous monitoring of cerebral oxygenation in acute brain injury: injection of mannitol during hyperventilation.
Autoimmune MRL-1 pr/1pr mice are an animal model for the secondary antiphospholipid syndrome.
A physiologic basis for the provision of fuel mixtures in normal and stressed patients.
Life-sustaining therapy. A model for appropriate use
Risk factors for acute non-A, non-B hepatitis in the United States and association with hepatitis C virus infection.
Neonatal detection of generalized resistance to thyroid hormone [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Feb 20;265(7):869]
Demonstration of viraemia patterns in haemophiliacs treated with hepatitis-C-virus-contaminated factor VIII concentrates.
Preliminary report: activation of the cerebellum in essential tremor [published erratum appears in Lancet 1990 Nov 24;336(8726):1330]
A review of 35 endometrial ablations using the Nd:YAG laser for recurrent menometrorrhagia.
Successful treatment of a persistent cyst, developing after ovarian transposition, with leuprolide acetate.
Fibrous lesions of the gingiva: a histopathologic analysis of 204 cases.
Cognitive laboratory approach to designing questionnaires for surveys of the elderly.
Conservative treatment and long term prophylactic thyroxine in the prevention of recurrence of multinodular goiter.
Radiologic findings of clonorchiasis.
Injury of the Achilles tendon: diagnosis with sonography.
K-edge digital subtraction arthrography of the painful hip prosthesis: a feasibility study.
Duplex Doppler sonography of the carotid artery: false-positive results in an artery contralateral to an artery with marked stenosis.
Percutaneous placement of Hickman catheters: comparison of sonographically guided and blind techniques.
Tuberculous bronchial stenosis: CT findings in 28 cases.
Radiologic evaluation of esophageal motility: results in 170 patients with chest pain.
Detection of pancreatic fluid and urine leakage after pancreas transplantation: value of CT and cystography.
Comparison of coronary and myocardial morphologic findings in patients with and without thrombolytic therapy during fatal first acute myocardial infarction. The TIMI Investigators.
Recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator followed by heparin compared with heparin alone for refractory unstable angina pectoris.
Electrophysiologic and electrocardiographic effects, efficacy and safety of encainide in malignant ventricular arrhythmias associated with coronary artery disease.
Emergency treatment with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator of pulmonary embolism in a pregnant woman with antithrombin III deficiency.
Why all placentas should be examined by a pathologist in 1990
Complications of tissue plasminogen activator therapy after vitrectomy for diabetes.
Control of morbidity due to Schistosoma haematobium on Pemba Island: egg excretion and hematuria as indicators of infection.
Impact of diagnosis-related groups on the quality of postoperative care of patients with neck dissections.
Use of a chlorhexidine dressing to reduce microbial colonization of epidural catheters.
Use of i.v. radionuclide total body arteriography to evaluate arterial bypass shunts--a new method--a review of several cases.
Restored hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction by peripheral chemoreceptor agonists in dogs.
Inefficacy and proarrhythmic effects of flecainide and encainide for sustained ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation.
Evaluation of combined systemic aspirin and cromolyn sodium in intractable vernal catarrh.
Esophagobronchial fistula and mediastinal tuberculosis.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in the treatment of neonatal respiratory failure.
Valproate-induced coma with ketosis and carnitine insufficiency.
Inhibition of the metabolism of atrial natriuretic factor causes diuresis and natriuresis in chronic heart failure.
The atrial natriuretic factor hormonal system in the regulation of sodium excretion in dogs with experimental heart failure.
Permissivity of primary cultures of human Kupffer cells for HIV-1.
Diuretics after transurethral prostatectomy: a double-blind controlled trial comparing frusemide and mannitol.
Amplified expression of three jun family members inhibits erythroleukemia differentiation.
Steps towards cost-benefit analysis of regional neurosurgical care
Complications of diverticular disease and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs: a prospective study.
Vascular reactivity after balloon angioplasty in an atherosclerotic rabbit.
Antibiotic prophylaxis and tourniquet inflation in total knee arthroplasty.
Impaired lipopolysaccharide-inducible tumor necrosis factor production in vitro by peripheral blood monocytes of patients with viral hepatitis.
Acute-phase response of human hepatocytes: regulation of acute-phase protein synthesis by interleukin-6.
Association of sustained oxyhemoglobin desaturation and onset of cluster headache attacks.
Detection of inadvertent respiratory placement of small-bore feeding tubes: a report of 10 cases.
Report of a hidden case of overfeeding.
Effects of sleep-induced increases in upper airway resistance on ventilation.
Arterial chemoreceptor input to respiratory hypoglossal motoneurons.
Sympathetic secretory response to hypercapnic acidosis in swine.
Prostacyclin production by blood-contacting surfaces of endothelialized vascular prostheses.
The mast cell in health and disease.
Automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator: is early implantation cost-effective?
Effects of H1-antihistamine drug regimen on histamine release by nonlesional skin mast cells of patients with chronic urticaria.
Comparison of cellular protooncogene activation and transformation-related activity of human melanocytes and metastatic melanoma.
Anti-V region antibodies as "almost clonotypic" reagents for the study of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and leukemias.
Typing of Pseudomonas aeruginosa ear infections related to outcome of treatment.
A phase II study of mitoxantrone, etoposide, and thiotepa with autologous marrow support for patients with relapsed breast cancer.
Detection of talocalcaneal coalitions by magnification bone scintigraphy.
Sudden death due to disease flare with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist therapy for carcinoma of the prostate.
Use of parenteral medium-chain triglyceride emulsion for maintaining seizure control in a 5-year-old girl with intractable diarrhea.
Atrial natriuretic factor in the acute nephritic and nephrotic syndromes.
How AIDS forces reappraisal of hepatitis B virus control in sub-Saharan Africa
A comparison between heparin and low-dose aspirin as adjunctive therapy with tissue plasminogen activator for acute myocardial infarction. Heparin-Aspirin Reperfusion Trial (HART) Investigators
Reversal of acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive lung disease by inspiratory assistance with a face mask.
Naltrexone in functional hypothalamic amenorrhea and in the normal luteal phase.
Combined pterional-anterolateral approaches to cranial base tumors.
The use of masseter electromyography with electroneurography in the evaluation of facial paralysis.
Preoperative hemostatic assessment of the adenotonsillectomy patient.
Bilateral spontaneous perilymph fistulae: a diagnostic and management dilemma.
Sigmoid sinus thrombosis diagnosis by contrasted MRI scanning.
Birth interval among breast-feeding women not using contraceptives.
Possible deletion of a developmentally regulated heavy-chain variable region gene in autoimmune diseases.
Tissue plasminogen activator as an alternative to vena cava interruption in recurrent pulmonary thromboembolism.
Cerebrospinal fluid atrial natriuretic factor in intracranial disease.
Incidence of cerebral hemorrhage after treatment with tissue plasminogen activator or streptokinase following embolic stroke in rabbits [corrected] [published erratum appears in Stroke 1991 Feb;22(2):285]
Adenosine triphosphate-sensitive potassium channels in anoxia.
Economies of scale, physician volume for urology patients, and DRG prospective hospital payment system.
Bright pleural effusion and ascites on gradient-echo MR images: a potential source of confusion in vascular MR studies.
Spinal cord ischemia after resection of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms: MR findings in 24 patients.
Correlations between fibrinolytic function and acute myocardial infarction.
Usefulness of high-frequency analysis of signal-averaged surface electrocardiograms in acute myocardial infarction before and after coronary thrombolysis for assessing coronary reperfusion.
Low-grade primary B-cell lymphoma of the lung. An immunohistochemical, molecular, and cytogenetic study of a single case.
Beta-galactosidase tablets in the treatment of lactose intolerance in pediatrics.
Postoperative hyperbilirubinemia after resection of thoracic esophageal cancer.
Prostaglandin-stimulated recovery of the human duodenal epithelium: effects of misoprostol on ethanol damage.
Cost-effective treatment of constipation in the elderly: a randomized double-blind comparison of sorbitol and lactulose.
Vitamin E levels in premenstrual syndrome.
Longitudinal study of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in hypertensive pregnant women: deviations related to the development of superimposed preeclampsia.
Hypothalamic amenorrhea: clinical perspectives, pathophysiology, and management.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone: Lutrepulse for injection.
Monocrotaline-induced angiogenesis. Differences in the bronchial and pulmonary vasculature.
Murine typhus identified as a major cause of febrile illness in a camp for displaced Khmers in Thailand.
Frequent hypoxemia and apnea after sedation with midazolam and fentanyl.
Detection of the interferon-gamma-induced protein 10 in psoriasiform dermatitis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Sternotomy infection: poor prediction by acute phase response and delayed hypersensitivity.
Cytochrome c oxidase deficiency with acute onset and rapid recovery.
Atrial natriuretic polypeptide inhibits hypertrophy of vascular smooth muscle cells.
Genetically determined steady-state interaction between encainide and quinidine in patients with arrhythmias.
Thrombolytic therapy in acute MI. Weighing the risks and benefits.
Preventing upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patients receiving nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs.
The Western Washington Myocardial Infarction Registry and Emergency Department Tissue Plasminogen Activator Treatment Trial.
Evaluation of biotinylated DNA probes for the detection of gene rearrangements in clinical specimens.
An evaluation of immunohistologic stains for immunoglobulin light chains in bone marrow biopsies in benign and malignant plasma cell proliferations.
Lack of increased bleeding after liver biopsy in patients with mild hemostatic abnormalities.
The relationship between locomotor disability, autonomic dysfunction, and the integrity of the striatal dopaminergic system in patients with multiple system atrophy, pure autonomic failure, and Parkinson's disease, studied with PET.
Spinal cord trauma in man: studies of phosphorylated neurofilament and ubiquitin expression.
Obstructed central venous catheters. Restoring function with a 12-hour infusion of low-dose urokinase.
The effect of radiation therapy on the fixation strength of an experimental porous-coated implant in dogs.
Influence of parenteral nutrition on leg nitrogen exchange in injured patients.
Aminophylline in the outpatient management of decompensated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Factors affecting perioperative pulmonary function in acute respiratory failure.
A randomized trial of a single bolus dosage regimen of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
A new manifestation and treatment alternative for heparin-induced thrombosis.
Hypoxic exposure and activation of the afterdischarge mechanism in conscious humans.
Quantitative analysis of the bacterial findings in otitis media.
Lack of impact of early antibiotic therapy for streptococcal pharyngitis on recurrence rates.
Seasonality in sudden infant death syndrome--United States, 1980-1987.
Human recombinant DNA-derived antihemophilic factor (factor VIII) in the treatment of hemophilia A. recombinant Factor VIII Study Group
Hereditary hyperparathyroidism and multiple ossifying jaw fibromas: a clinically and genetically distinct syndrome.
Insulin resistance after surgery: normalization by insulin treatment.
Dietary protein restriction stress and adrenocortical function: evidence for transient and long-term induction of enhanced cellular function.
Rubella prevention. Recommendations of the Immunization Practices Advisory Committee (ACIP).
Treatment of experimental suprachoroidal hemorrhage with subconjunctival injection of tissue plasminogen activator: a negative report.
Clinical role of respiratory virus infection in acute otitis media.
Interferon gamma response region in the promoter of the human DPA gene.
Ossification of posterior longitudinal ligament of the cervical spine in non-Japanese Asians.
Long-term patient-controlled analgesia in children.
Nutritional assessment of patients with extended left ventricular assist device support.
The chemoreflex control of breathing and its measurement.
Effects of radiation on fixation of non-cemented porous-coated implants in a canine model.
Carbon dioxide laser vaporization of recalcitrant symptomatic plaques of Hailey-Hailey disease and Darier's disease.
Angiographic assessment of the infarct-related residual coronary stenosis after spontaneous or therapeutic thrombolysis
The value of class IC antiarrhythmic drugs for acute conversion of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation or flutter to sinus rhythm.
Role of membrane proteins in monosodium urate crystal-membrane interactions. I. Effect of pretreatment of erythrocyte membranes with glutaraldehyde and neuraminidase.
Surgical method for treatment of syndactyly with osseous fusion of the distal phalanges.
The effect of carbon dioxide laser surgery on the recurrence of keloids.
The role of beta 2-microglobulin in peptide binding by class I molecules.
Failure of MR imaging to detect reflex sympathetic dystrophy of the extremities.
The evaluation of coronary bypass graft patency: direct and indirect techniques other than coronary arteriography.
Selective salpingography and fallopian tube recanalization
Detection of ACTH-producing bronchial carcinoid tumors: MR imaging vs CT.
High-attenuation mediastinal masses on unenhanced CT.
Long-term soft-tissue effects of biliary extracorporeal shock waves: an animal study.
Portal venous system after portosystemic shunts or endoscopic sclerotherapy: evaluation with Doppler sonography.
CT of acute pancreatitis: correlation between lack of contrast enhancement and pancreatic necrosis.
Anti-IL-6 monoclonal antibodies protect against lethal Escherichia coli infection and lethal tumor necrosis factor-alpha challenge in mice.
IFN-gamma inhibits inflammatory cell recruitment and the evolution of bacterial cell wall-induced arthritis.
Immunologic effects of interferon.
In vivo regulation of virulence in Pseudomonas aeruginosa associated with genetic rearrangement.
Blunt abdominal trauma resulting in intestinal obstruction: when to operate?
Multichannel cochlear implant and electrically evoked auditory brainstem responses in a child with labyrinthitis ossificans.
A difference in mortality between two strains of jaundiced rats.
An open, multicenter trial of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in acute stroke. A progress report. The rt-PA Acute Stroke Study Group.
Regulation of prolactin gene expression in a DMBA-estrogen-induced transplantable rat pituitary tumor.
Failure of ciprofloxacin to eradicate convalescent fecal excretion after acute salmonellosis: experience during an outbreak in health care workers.
Quality of life after bypass surgery for unstable angina. 5-year follow-up results of a Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study
Radiation therapy to prevent heterotopic ossification after cementless total hip arthroplasty.
Ventilatory responses to chemoreceptor stimulation after hypoxic acclimatization in awake goats.
GABA antagonism reverses hypoxic respiratory depression in the cat.
Amiodarone inhibits the mitochondrial beta-oxidation of fatty acids and produces microvesicular steatosis of the liver in mice.
Mutational analysis of an archaebacterial promoter: essential role of a TATA box for transcription efficiency and start-site selection in vitro.
Development of a stable Leishmania expression vector and application to the study of parasite surface antigen genes.
Masseter muscle spasm in children: implications of continuing the triggering anesthetic.
Contemporary management of neurofibromatosis.
Elevated circulating interleukin-6 is associated with an acute-phase response but reduced fixed hepatic protein synthesis in patients with cancer.
Interferon-gamma reverses bone marrow inhibition following hemorrhagic shock.
Comparison of different doses of epinephrine on myocardial perfusion and resuscitation success during cardiopulmonary resuscitation in a pig model.
Quinine-induced immune thrombocytopenia associated with hemolytic uremic syndrome: a new clinical entity.
Recurrence after radiotherapy for glottic carcinoma.
Inhibition by a new bisphosphonate (AHBuBP) of bone resorption induced by the MBT-2 tumor of mice.
Gastric carcinoids and their precursor lesions. A histologic and immunohistochemical study of 23 cases.
Optimal dosing interval for penicillin treatment of streptococcal pharyngitis.
Partial motor epilepsy with "negative myoclonus".
Reactive occipital epileptiform activity: is it benign?
An apparent cluster of congenital hypopituitarism in central Massachusetts: magnetic resonance imaging and hormonal studies.
Early difference in the endocrine profile of long and short lactational amenorrhea.
A new point mutation in the 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine-binding domain of the c-erbA beta thyroid hormone receptor is tightly linked to generalized thyroid hormone resistance.
Strategies for diagnosis and treatment of children at risk for occult bacteremia: clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness.
Enhanced immunoglobulin levels correlate with infectious complications after surgery in esophageal cancer.
First-line management of sinusitis: a national problem? Overview.
Therapeutic approach to sinusitis: antiinfectious therapy as the baseline of management.
Circumspinal decompression for thoracic myelopathy due to combined ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament and ligamentum flavum.
Lateral rhachotomy for thoracic spinal lesions.
Storage of saline-adenine-glucose-mannitol-suspended red cells in a new plastic container: polyvinylchloride plasticized with butyryl-n-trihexyl-citrate.
Value of CT in determining the need for angiography when findings of mediastinal hemorrhage on chest radiographs are equivocal.
Abnormalities of the breast caused by biopsy: spectrum of mammographic findings.
Focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver: MR findings in 35 proved cases.
Angiography is useful in detecting the source of chronic gastrointestinal bleeding of obscure origin.
Cardiovascular collapse following orthoclone OKT3 administration: a case report.
Interpretation of the alveolar-arterial oxygen difference in patients with hypercapnia.
von Willebrand factor and factor VIII in renal transplant recipients under immunosuppression with cyclosporine and steroids. Sequential measurements over 4 months in 17 patients.
Total parenteral nutrition increases mortality after hemorrhage
Adjusting the dose to the individual response of the patient during the induction of ovulation with pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone.
Prednisone inhibits the appearance of inflammatory mediators and the influx of eosinophils and basophils associated with the cutaneous late-phase response to allergen.
The sequential generation of neutrophil chemoattractant proteins in acute inflammation in the rabbit in vivo. Relationship between C5a and proteins with the characteristics of IL-8/neutrophil-activating protein 1.
Clinical course and outcome in class IC antiarrhythmic overdose.
Human IgE, IgG4 and resistance to reinfection with Schistosoma haematobium.
Etiology of infection and morphologic changes in the lungs of Filipino children who die of pneumonia.
A study of nonbacterial agents of acute lower respiratory tract infection in Thai children.
Controlling gastric pH: the impact of newer agents on the critically ill patient.
The unstable ST segment early after thrombolysis for acute infarction and its usefulness as a marker of recurrent coronary occlusion.
Effect of enteral nutrition on exocrine pancreatic function.
Antibody to hepatitis C virus in post-transfusion hepatitis.
Hepatitis C in patients undergoing liver transplantation.
Abnormal small bowel permeability and duodenitis in recurrent abdominal pain.
Detection of hepatitis B virus DNA in paraffin-embedded liver tissues in chronic hepatitis B or non-A, non-B, hepatitis using the polymerase chain reaction.
Pulmonary vascular reactivity and permeability to alveolar hypoxia in the dog.
Hepatitis C virus infection in chronic hepatitis B virus carriers.
Effect of dietary nucleotides on intestinal repair in rats with experimental chronic diarrhea.
Prevention of stress-induced erosive gastritis by parenteral administration of arachidonic acid.
Menstrual cycle factors related to increased gastric contractile response to tube feeding.
N-(fluorenyl-9-methoxycarbonyl) amino acids, a class of antiinflammatory agents with a different mechanism of action [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Mar 15;88(6):2612]
One hundred ten consecutive primary orthotopic liver transplants under FK 506 in adults.
Myocardial oedema and ventricular function after cardioplegia with added mannitol.
Tissue oxygenation in hemorrhagic shock measured as transcutaneous oxygen tension, subcutaneous oxygen tension, and gastrointestinal intramucosal pH in pigs
Prolonged hemorrhagic shock does not impair regeneration of plasma coagulant masses in the rabbit.
Diaphragmatic performance during recovery from acute ventilatory failure in Guillain-Barre syndrome and myasthenia gravis.
Hypophysectomy inhibits the synthesis of tumor necrosis factor alpha by rat macrophages: partial restoration by exogenous growth hormone or interferon gamma.
Current treatment of patients surviving out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.
Intraoperative monitoring of facial nerve function in cerebellopontine angle surgery.
KTP laser stapedotomy: is it safe?
Retinoid-induced ear malformations.
The dorsal rat flap: a discussion of the model and the salutary effect of cimetidine on flap survival.
A method for allocation of hearing handicap.
Three-dimensional x-ray computed tomography of the temporal bone as an aid to surgical planning.
Patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) in head and neck surgery.
Indirect laryngoscopic approach for injection of botulinum toxin in spasmodic dysphonia.
Hemilaryngectomy for salvage of radiation therapy failures.
Life-threatening angioedema.
Early gold weight eyelid implantation for facial paralysis.
Correlation between histology and nerve excitability after reinnervation of paralyzed strap muscles in the rabbit.
The endoscopic repair of choanal atresia.
Inhibition of endogenous superoxide dismutase with diethyldithiocarbamate in acute island skin flaps.
Hearing improvement after acoustic tumor removal.
A comparison of the KTP/532-laser tonsillectomy vs. traditional dissection/snare tonsillectomy.
Meningiomas of the lateral skull base: neurotologic manifestations and patterns of recurrence.
Free amino acid analysis of guinea pig perilymph: a possible clinical assay for the PLF enigma?
Surgical approaches to congenital atresia of the external auditory canal.
Pregnancy complicated by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Rapid detection of the A----G(8344) mutation of mtDNA in Italian families with myoclonus epilepsy and ragged-red fibers (MERRF).
Progress in cancer.
Effect of thrombolysis on the evolution of late potentials within 10 days of infarction.
Mechanism of the increased ventilatory response to exercise in patients with chronic heart failure.
Carbon dioxide laser treatment for vulval papillomatosis (vulvodynia).
Ifosfamide continuous infusion without mesna. A phase I trial of a 14-day cycle.
Intracerebral hemorrhage, cerebral infarction, and subdural hematoma after acute myocardial infarction and thrombolytic therapy in the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Study. Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, Phase II, pilot and clinical trial.
Nifedipine reduces the incidence of myocardial infarction and transient ischemia in patients undergoing coronary bypass grafting.
Children with epilepsy: the effect of seizures, syndromes, and etiological factors on cognitive functioning.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (leuprolide acetate) induced ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome in a woman undergoing intermittent hemodialysis.
Flecainide acetate treatment of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation: dose-response studies. The Flecainide Supraventricular Tachycardia Study Group.
Myocardial infarction with minimal coronary atherosclerosis in the era of thrombolytic reperfusion. The Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction (TAMI) Study Group.
Extracellular binding sites of IgA anti-jejunal antibodies on normal small bowel detected by indirect immunoelectronmicroscopy.
Spectrum of intestinal failure in a specialised unit.
Increase in rubella and congenital rubella syndrome--United States, 1988-1990.
A controlled trial of interferon gamma to prevent infection in chronic granulomatous disease. The International Chronic Granulomatous Disease Cooperative Study Group.
Dopa-responsive dystonia: long-term treatment response and prognosis.
Aseptic meningitis following cardiac transplantation: clinical characteristics and relationship to immunosuppressive regimen.
Splanchnic oxygen consumption in septic and hemorrhagic shock.
Total androgen ablation: European experience. The EORTC GU Group.
Ossifying fibromyxoid tumor of soft parts. Additional observations of a distinctive soft tissue tumor.
The hemodynamic effects of intubation during nitroglycerin infusion in severe preeclampsia.
Efficacy of low-molecular-weight heparin in the management of intermittent claudication.
Association between the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and infection with Salmonella typhi or Salmonella paratyphi in an endemic typhoid area.
Gold-associated lymphadenopathy in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis. Histologic and scanning electron microscopic features.
Intraocular tissue plasminogen activator in a rabbit model of traumatic hyphema.
Ventricular arrhythmias during treatment with alteplase (recombinant tissue plasminogen activator) in suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Flecainide in the treatment of fetal tachycardias.
Left anterior fascicular block: an ischaemic response during treadmill testing.
Experimental induction of heterotopic bone.
Induced bone development in transplants of fresh human pseudomalignant heterotopic ossification tissue in athymic nude mice.
A clinical perspective on common forms of acquired heterotopic ossification.
Periarticular heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty. Risk factors and consequences.
Surgical approaches for resection of heterotopic ossification in traumatic brain-injured adults.
Experience with surgical resection of heterotopic bone in spinal cord injury patients.
Total hip arthroplasty. The role of antiinflammatory medications in the prevention of heterotopic ossification.
Prevention of heterotopic ossification in high-risk patients by radiation therapy.
Heterotopic bone formation in thermal burns.
Incidence of heterotopic ossification after total hip replacement: effect of the type of fixation of the femoral component.
Total hip replacement with cemented, uncemented, and hybrid prostheses. A comparison of clinical and radiographic results at two to four years.
Heart rate variability in patients with ventricular arrhythmias: effect of antiarrhythmic drugs. Antiarrhythmic Drug Evaluation Group (ADEG).
Concurrent nitroglycerin administration decreases thrombolytic potential of tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Generation and cloning of stable human IgE-secreting cells that have rearranged the C epsilon gene.
Fibroblast stimulation in schistosomiasis. XI. Purification to apparent homogeneity of fibroblast-stimulating factor-1, an acidic heparin-binding growth factor produced by schistosomal egg granulomas.
Host factors and early therapeutic response in acute otitis media.
Therapeutic defibrination with ancrod does not protect canine myocardium from reperfusion injury.
Maxillofacial considerations in orthotopic liver transplantation.
Fluoroscopically guided nasoenteric feeding tube placement: results of a 1-year study.
Natural history of acquired renal cystic disease in dialysis patients: a prospective longitudinal CT study.
Arteriovenous fistulas complicating biopsy of renal allografts: treatment of bleeding with superselective embolization.
Posterior fossa intracranial hemorrhage in infants treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation: sonographic findings.
Pulsed-spray thrombolysis of arterial and bypass graft occlusions.
The importance of preoperative evaluation of the subclavian vein in dialysis access planning.
Atrial natriuretic peptide response to cardioversion of atrial flutter and fibrillation and role of associated heart failure.
Experimental hyperthermia: protective effect of oxygen carrying fluorocarbon and crystalloids intraperitoneally.
Hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction in systemic sclerosis and primary pulmonary hypertension.
Combined nasal intermittent positive-pressure ventilation and rocking bed in chronic respiratory insufficiency. Nocturnal ventilatory support of a disabled person at home.
Cholestasis and changes of portal pressure caused by chlorpromazine in the perfused rat liver.
High doses of recombinant alpha-interferon or gamma-interferon for chronic hepatitis C: a randomized, controlled trial.
Ossification of the cervical ligamentum flavum.
Tissue-plasminogen activator for pulmonary embolism resulting in shock: two case reports and discussion of the literature.
Chronic pain and substance abuse: a pilot study of opioid maintenance.
Mortality and morbidity in patients receiving encainide, flecainide, or placebo. The Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial.
A meta-analysis of prophylactic antibiotics in head and neck surgery.
Nutritional support in Crohn's disease: which route?
Colectomy, mucosal proctectomy, and ileal pouch-anal anastomosis. A prospective trial of optimal antibiotic management.
Diagnostic imaging of heterotopic ossification with coexistent deep-venous thrombosis in flaccid paraplegia.
Study of belching ability in antireflux surgery patients and normal volunteers.
Kistrin, a polypeptide platelet GPIIb/IIIa receptor antagonist, enhances and sustains coronary arterial thrombolysis with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator in a canine preparation
Relative efficacy of antithrombin compared with antiplatelet agents in accelerating coronary thrombolysis and preventing early reocclusion.
Isradipine for treatment of acute hypertension after myocardial revascularization.
Hypoxemic stimulation of heart glycogen synthase and synthesis. Effects of insulin and diabetes mellitus.
Altered density of glomerular binding sites for atrial natriuretic factor in bile duct-ligated rats with ascites.
Propranolol ameliorates the development of portal-systemic shunting in a chronic murine schistosomiasis model of portal hypertension.
Use of recombinant human interferon gamma to enhance neutrophil chemotactic responses in Job syndrome of hyperimmunoglobulinemia E and recurrent infections.
Tissue plasminogen activator for the treatment of thromboembolism in infants and children.
Does atrial appendectomy aggravate secretory function of atrial natriuretic polypeptide?
Tumor cytokinetic response to total parenteral nutrition in patients with head and neck cancers.
bcl-1 rearrangement. Frequency and clinical significance among B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemias and non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
Desflurane is a trigger of malignant hyperthermia in susceptible swine.
Inhibition of cyclooxygenase metabolite production attenuates ischemia-reperfusion lung injury.
Prevention of deep vein thrombosis after elective hip surgery. A randomized trial comparing low molecular weight heparin with standard unfractionated heparin
Neonatal schizencephaly: comparison of brain imaging.
Rasmussen encephalitis: epilepsia partialis continua secondary to chronic encephalitis.
CHARGE and Joubert syndromes: are they a single disorder?
Mutations of the p53 gene in lymphoid leukemia.
Effect of theophylline and dipyridamole on the respiratory response to isocapnic hypoxia in normal human subjects.
Differential effects of atrial natriuretic peptide and dopamine on urinary protein excretion in chronic glomerulonephritis.
The role of endogenous opiates in athletic amenorrhea.
Pretranslational regulation of albumin synthesis in tumor-bearing mice. The role of anorexia and undernutrition.
A case of chronic GM1 gangliosidosis presenting as dystonia: clinical and biochemical studies.
Effect of intravenous infusion of atriopeptin 3 on immediate renal allograft function.
Administration of thyroxine in treated Graves' disease. Effects on the level of antibodies to thyroid-stimulating hormone receptors and on the risk of recurrence of hyperthyroidism
Pituitary hyperplasia and gigantism in mice caused by a cholera toxin transgene.
Pseudopathologies of hemostasis and dental surgery.
Modified Rambo meatoplasty in translabyrinthine tumor removal.
Management of labyrinthine fistulas caused by cholesteatoma.
Vestibular compensation after labyrinthectomy and vestibular neurectomy in cats.
Intrinsic vasculature of the labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve--implications for site of lesion in Bell's palsy.
Transcanal infracochlear approach to the petrous apex.
MRI of the facial nerve during paralysis.
Posterior semicircular canal occlusion in the normal hearing ear.
Bilateral vestibular paresis: diagnosis and treatment.
Cerebrospinal fluid leaks and meningitis in acoustic neuroma surgery.
An analysis of the retrolabyrinthine vs. the retrosigmoid vestibular nerve section.
Operative management of acoustic neuromas: the priority of neurologic function over complete resection.
Cerebral ischemic events associated with endocarditis, retinal vascular disease, and lupus anticoagulant.
Flow velocity waveforms of the fetal circulation preceding fetal death in a case of lupus anticoagulant.
Combination antimicrobial therapy in the treatment of acute pelvic inflammatory disease.
An evaluation of clinical variables in determining the need for pelvic examination in the emergency department.
Corticobasal degeneration. A unique pattern of regional cortical oxygen hypometabolism and striatal fluorodopa uptake demonstrated by positron emission tomography.
Exacerbation of partial seizures and onset of nonepileptic myoclonus with carbamazepine.
Effect of metoclopramide on angiotensins, aldosterone, and atrial peptide during hypoxia.
Heterotopic bone formation after hip replacement. The influence of the type of osteoarthritis.
Abnormal guanine nucleotide regulatory protein in MVP dysautonomia: evidence from reconstitution of Gs.
5-lipoxygenase inhibitory activity of zileuton.
Stromal osseous metaplasia in carcinoma of the bladder.
Low incidence of non-A, non-B post-transfusion hepatitis in London confirmed by hepatitis C virus serology
Reduction in the frequency of ventricular late potentials after acute myocardial infarction by early thrombolytic therapy.
Usefulness of flecainide for prevention of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and flutter. Danish-Norwegian Flecainide Multicenter Study Group.
Vagally mediated acid hypersecretion and lesion formation in anesthetized rat under hypothermic conditions.
Selective versus routine predischarge coronary arteriography after therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator, heparin and aspirin for acute myocardial infarction. TIMI II Investigators.
Bleeding time prolongation and bleeding during infusion of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator in dogs: potentiation by aspirin and reversal with aprotinin.
Central hypothyroidism due to isolated TRH deficiency in a depressive man.
Treatment with intravenously administered gamma globulin of chronic relapsing colitis induced by Clostridium difficile toxin.
Severe lactic acidosis related to acute thiamine deficiency.
Comparison of acute and chronic protein-energy malnutrition on host antitumor immune mechanisms.
Short-bowel syndrome: a review of the role of nutrition support.
Acoustic-distortion products: separation of sensory from neural dysfunction in sensorineural hearing loss in human beings and rabbits.
A modified neoglottis procedure: update and analysis.
A universal ossicular replacement prosthesis: clinical trials of 152 cases.
Radiographic evaluation and diagnosis of the failed frontal osteoplastic flap with fat obliteration.
Perilymph fistulas: the House Ear Clinic experience.
Endoscopic sinus surgery: outcome in 155 cases.
Submaximal exercise thallium-201 SPECT for assessment of interventional therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Controlled trial of 2, 4, and 6 months of pyrazinamide in 6-month, three-times-weekly regimens for smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis, including an assessment of a combined preparation of isoniazid, rifampin, and pyrazinamide. Results at 30 months. Hong Kong Chest Service/British Medical Research Council
Assessment of a daily combined preparation of isoniazid, rifampin, and pyrazinamide in a controlled trial of three 6-month regimens for smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis. Singapore Tuberculosis Service/British Medical Research Council
Methodologic issues in maintenance therapy clinical trials.
Hypoprothrombinemia and hemorrhage in a surgical patient treated with cefotetan.
Five-hour balloon inflation to resolve recurrent reocclusion during coronary angioplasty [published erratum appears in Cathet Cardiovasc Diagn 1991 May;23(1):71]
Randomized comparative study of hemaccel vs. albumin infusion after total paracentesis in cirrhotic patients with refractory ascites.
Recurrence of hepatitis C virus infection after orthotopic liver transplantation.
Effect of acute hypoxia on respiration and brain stem blood flow in the piglet.
Serum amyloid A (SAA3) produced by rabbit synovial fibroblasts treated with phorbol esters or interleukin 1 induces synthesis of collagenase and is neutralized with specific antiserum.
Tumor necrosis factor (cachectin) in human visceral leishmaniasis.
Endogenous interferon-gamma, macrophage activation, and murine host defense against acute infection with Trypanosoma cruzi.
Defenses against oxidation in human erythrocytes: role of glutathione reductase in the activation of glucose decarboxylation by hemolytic drugs.
Eicosapentanoic acid suppresses intimal hyperplasia after expanded polytetrafluoroethylene grafting in rabbits fed a high cholesterol diet.
Elevated intraoperative blood carboxyhemoglobin levels in surgical patients--Georgia, Illinois, and North Carolina.
Biochemical and molecular analysis of cytochrome c oxidase deficiency in Leigh's syndrome.
Incremental prognostic value of exercise hemodynamic variables in chronic congestive heart failure secondary to coronary artery disease or to dilated cardiomyopathy.
Characterization of target injury of murine acute graft-versus-host disease directed to multiple minor histocompatibility antigens elicited by either CD4+ or CD8+ effector cells.
Intracerebral hemorrhage related to cerebral amyloid angiopathy and t-PA treatment.
Surgical treatment of the Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome by epicardial electrical ablation
Growth of tracheal anastomoses: advantage of absorbable interrupted sutures [published erratum appears in Ann Thorac Surg 1991 Jul;52(1):176]
A randomized trial comparing radiation therapy versus concomitant radiation therapy and chemotherapy in carcinoma of the thoracic esophagus.
Induction of sustained patency after clot-selective coronary thrombolysis with Hybrid-B, a genetically engineered plasminogen activator with a prolonged biological half-life.
Antibody responses to protein, polysaccharide, and phi X174 antigens in the hyperimmunoglobulinemia E (hyper-IgE) syndrome.
Lysis of intraventricular hematoma with tissue plasminogen activator. Case report.
Hepatic focal nodular hyperplasia: specific findings at dynamic contrast-enhanced US with carbon dioxide microbubbles.
Purpura fulminans and adrenal hemorrhage due to group Y meningococcemia in an elderly woman.
Hypertrophy of clitoral hood: presenting sign of neurofibromatosis in female child.
Southern blot analysis in a case of Richter's syndrome. Evidence for a postrearrangement heavy chain gene deletion associated with the altered phenotype.
Pulsed-field electrophoresis screening for immunoglobulin heavy-chain constant-region (IGHC) multigene deletions and duplications.
Proteins of the complement system and acute phase reactants in sera of patients with spinal cord injury.
Bilateral chylothorax.
Low molecular weight heparin (enoxaparin) reduces restenosis after iliac angioplasty in the hypercholesterolemic rabbit.
Importance of antithrombin therapy during coronary angioplasty.
Comparison of effects of thrombolytic therapy on left ventricular function in patients over with those under 60 years of age.
Mortality in patients treated with flecainide and encainide for supraventricular arrhythmias.
Evidence for the segregation of a major gene in human susceptibility/resistance to infection by Schistosoma mansoni.
Physical overdistension converts ventricular cardiomyocytes to acquire endocrine property and regulate ventricular atrial natriuretic peptide production.
Phase I/II trial of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Differences in prostaglandin metabolism in cultured aortic and pulmonary arterial endothelial cells exposed to acute and chronic hypoxia.
Intestinal absorption of free oral hyperalimentation in the very short bowel syndrome.
Dietary fiber and bowel function in tube-fed patients.
Treatment with quinidine gluconate of persons with severe Plasmodium falciparum infection: discontinuation of parenteral quinine from CDC Drug Service.
Bleeding esophagogastric varices. Ways to treat active episodes and prevent recurrence.
Total parenteral nutrition and tumor metastasis.
Cutaneous herpes simplex virus infections.
Periorbital hematoma secondary to sinusitis in a child.
Oestrogen and androgen states in oligo-amenorrhoeic women with polycystic ovaries.
Results of long-term rice bran treatment on stone recurrence in hypercalciuric patients.
Evaluation of combination thrombolytic therapy and timing of cardiac catheterization in acute myocardial infarction. Results of thrombolysis and angioplasty in myocardial infarction--phase 5 randomized trial. TAMI Study Group
PAF-induced bowel necrosis. Effects of vasodilators.
Endothelium-dependent responses of cerebral blood vessels during chronic hypertension.
Evidence for hypoxic depression of CO2-ventilation response in carotid body-resected humans.
Hyperoxia prevents hypoxia-induced bronchial hyperreactivity via a cyclooxygenase-independent mechanism.
Localization and in vitro actions of atrial natriuretic peptide in the cat carotid body.
Lupron retards proliferation of ovarian epithelial tumor cells cultured in serum-free medium.
Endocrine response determines the clinical outcome of pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone ovulation induction in different ovulatory disorders.
Pulmonary and urinary clearance of atrial natriuretic factor in acute congestive heart failure in dogs.
Postoperative primary adrenal failure in a patient with anticardiolipin antibodies
Ewing's sarcoma in children: twenty-five years of experience at the Instituto Portuges de Oncologia de Francisco Gentil (I.P.O.F.G.).
Intermediate term results of infant orthotopic cardiac transplantation from two centers.
Thymic tumorigenesis induced by overexpression of p56lck.
In vivo footprinting of MHC class II genes: bare promoters in the bare lymphocyte syndrome.
Selective attenuation by perivascular blood of prostanoid-dependent cerebrovascular dilation in piglets.
Platelet dysfunction in Noonan's syndrome. A case with a platelet cyclooxygenase-like deficiency and chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Acute lung injury induced by phospholipase A2. Structural and functional changes.
The use of albumin in clinical practice.
Monoclonal anti-T cell (T12) antibody treatment of graft-versus-host disease in severe combined immunodeficiency: targeting of antibody and activation of complement on CD8+ cytotoxic T cell surfaces.
Endogenous IFN-gamma is required for resistance to acute Trypanosoma cruzi infection in mice.
Treatment of systemic vasculitis with pooled intravenous immunoglobulin.
Miosis and internal ophthalmoplegia as a manifestation of partial seizures.
Labyrinthitis ossificans: histopathologic consideration for cochlear implantation.
Transantral sphenoethmoidectomy: a procedure for the 1990s?
Thoracic myelopathy caused by ossification of the ligamentum flavum. Clinicopathologic study and surgical treatment.
A randomized clinical trial of ampicillin, gentamicin and clindamycin versus cefotaxime and clindamycin in children with ruptured appendicitis.
The role of plasminogen activator in adhesion prevention.
Acute non-A, non-B hepatitis in a hospital population in Warsaw, Poland: clinical and epidemiological aspects.
Chronic calcific pancreatitis in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
Antibody to hepatitis C virus and liver disease in volunteer blood donors.
123I-iodoamphetamine SPECT brain imaging in alternating hemiplegia.
Prognostic value of lymphocyte surface markers in acute myeloid leukemia.
FK 506 ameliorates the hepatic injury associated with ischemia and reperfusion in rats.
Alterations in influence of granuloma-derived cytokines on fibrogenesis in the course of murine Schistosoma mansoni infection.
Blood flow reactivity to hypercapnia in strictly unilateral carotid disease: preliminary results.
Role of Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Chlamydia trachomatis in intraabdominal abscess formation in the rat.
Mitochondrial encephalopathies: molecular genetic diagnosis from blood samples.
Tolerance of gastric mucosal flap to postoperative irradiation.
Results of a recently instituted programme of thrombolytic therapy in acute lower limb ischaemia.
Prevention of perioperative deep vein thrombosis in general surgery: a multicentre double blind study comparing two doses of Logiparin and standard heparin. H.B.P.M. Research Group.
Trial of flecainide acetate in the management of tinnitus.
Effects of treatment with nasal continuous positive airway pressure on atrial natriuretic peptide and arginine vasopressin release during sleep in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea.
Effects of acute insulin-induced hypoglycaemia on haemostasis, fibrinolysis and haemorheology in insulin-dependent diabetic patients and control subjects.
In vitro perfused-superfused cat carotid body for physiological and pharmacological studies.
Gastric ulcer healing: a comparison of enprostil versus ranitidine.
Increased MR signal intensity due to cervical myelopathy. Analysis of 29 surgical cases.
Stress-induced elevations of gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor-active steroids in the rat brain.
Possible mechanism of vascular reocclusion after initially successful thrombolysis with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Impaired heart rate variability in patients with chronic Chagas' disease.
The causes of hospital-treated acute lower respiratory tract infection in children.
Osteochondrodysplasia in Fryns syndrome.
Autosomal recessive lethal infantile cytochrome C oxidase deficiency.
Synergistic effect of intraperitoneally administered calcium channel blockade and recombinant tissue plasminogen activator to prevent adhesion formation in an animal model.
Rationale for development of low-molecular-weight heparins and their clinical potential in the prevention of postoperative venous thrombosis.
Cost-effectiveness of prophylaxis in total hip replacement.
Efficacy and safety of a perioperative enoxaparin regimen in total hip replacement under various anesthesias.
Efficacy of a postoperative regimen of enoxaparin in deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis.
Effects of altered PaO2 and PaCO2 on left ventricular function and coronary hemodynamics in sheep.
High energy neutron treatment for pelvic cancers: study stopped because of increased mortality.
Ovulation induction by step-down administration of purified urinary follicle-stimulating hormone in patients with polycystic ovarian syndrome.
The economic implications of high-risk abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Effects of high-dose aprotinin on blood loss, platelet function, fibrinolysis, complement, and renal function after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Recombinant granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after autologous bone marrow transplantation for lymphoid cancer.
Middle meatus anstrostomy: patency rates and risk factors.
Endoscopic surgery for lacrimal obstruction.
The effects of adenotonsillectomy on growth in young children.
Prevention of arrhythmias after noncardiac thoracic operations: flecainide versus digoxin.
Bladder instillations of trisdine compared with catheter introducer for reduction of bacteriuria during intermittent catheterisation of patients with acute spinal cord trauma.
Oxygen radicals generated at reflow induce peroxidation of membrane lipids in reperfused hearts.
Potential of parenteral and enteral nutrition in inflammation and immune dysfunction: a new challenge for dietitians [published erratum appears in J Am Diet Assoc 1991 Aug;91(8):913]
Prevention of chronic erosive streptococcal cell wall-induced arthritis in rats by treatment with a monoclonal antibody against the T cell antigen receptor alpha beta.
Tocainide therapy in muscle cramps and spasms due to neuromuscular disease.
Detection of preclinical Parkinson's disease with PET.
Invasive aspergillus rhinosinusitis in patients with acute leukemia.
Etidronate for hypercalcemia of malignancy and osteoporosis.
Long-term effect of thrombolytic therapy on left ventricular ejection fraction after acute myocardial infarction.
Pulmonary dysfunction in advanced liver disease: frequent occurrence of an abnormal diffusing capacity.
Granulomatous hypersensitivity to Schistosoma mansoni egg antigens in human schistosomiasis. III. In vitro granuloma modulation induced by immune complexes.
Ultrasonographical investigation of periportal fibrosis in children with Schistosoma mansoni infection: reversibility of morbidity seven months after treatment with praziquantel.
Prolonged hypofibrinogenemia and protein C activation after envenoming by Echis carinatus sochureki.
Genetic control of immunopathology induced by Mycobacterium leprae.
Course of brittle diabetes: 12 year follow up.
The use of aspirin to prevent heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty. A preliminary report.
Epileptiform EEG activity of the centromedian thalamic nuclei in children with intractable generalized seizures of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
Status epilepticus in benign rolandic epilepsy manifesting as anterior operculum syndrome.
Ursodeoxycholic acid for the treatment of home parenteral nutrition-associated cholestasis. A case report.
The effect of elemental diet on intestinal permeability and inflammation in Crohn's disease.
HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor-induced myopathy in the rat: cyclosporine A interaction and mechanism studies.
The necessary length of hospital stay for chronic pulmonary disease.
Rapid development of vitamin K deficiency in an adolescent boy receiving total parenteral nutrition following bone marrow transplantation.
Nutritional consequences of major gastrointestinal surgery. Patient outcome and starvation.
Nutritional support of patients with cancer of the gastrointestinal tract.
Nutritional support in the injured patient.
Nutrition and metabolism in sepsis and multisystem organ failure.
Nutritional management of acute and chronic pancreatitis.
Management of the short-bowel syndrome.
Hormonal inhibition of the endometrium for resectoscopic endometrial ablation.
Effects of interferon on intrahepatic human leukocyte antigens and lymphocyte subsets in patients with chronic hepatitis B and C.
Effect of interferon administration on serum hepatitis C virus RNA in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Complement consumption in a patient with necrobiotic xanthogranuloma and paraproteinemia.
Events in the Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial (CAST): mortality in the entire population enrolled [published erratum appears in J Am Coll Cardiol 1991 Sep;18(3):888]
Events in the Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial (CAST): mortality in patients surviving open label titration but not randomized to double-blind therapy.
Cardiac surgery in the octogenarian: perioperative outcome and clinical follow-up
Effect of a new monoclonal antibody, TA-2, that inhibits lymphocyte adherence to cytokine stimulated endothelium in the rat.
A long-term study of hepatitis C virus replication in non-A, non-B hepatitis.
Reduction by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor of fever and neutropenia induced by chemotherapy in patients with small-cell lung cancer.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor subtypes as agonist-dependent oncogenes.
Direct derivation of conditionally immortal cell lines from an H-2Kb-tsA58 transgenic mouse.
Immunohistochemical localization of tissue-type plasminogen activator in the lining wall of chronic subdural hematoma.
Stress-induced gastroduodenal lesions and total parenteral nutrition in critically ill patients: frequency, complications, and the value of prophylactic treatment. A prospective, randomized study.
Let sleeping dogs lie: role of the omentum in the ileal pouch-anal anastomosis procedure.
Umbilical cord occlusion stimulates breathing independent of blood gases and pH.
PEEP inhibits hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction in dogs.
Acute lung injury following reperfusion after ischemia in the hind limbs of rats.
A human Lactobacillus strain (Lactobacillus casei sp strain GG) promotes recovery from acute diarrhea in children.
Heterotopic ossification and peripheral nerve entrapment: early diagnosis and excision.
Effect of hypoxic exercise on atrial natriuretic factor and aldosterone regulation.
Energy expenditure and substrate metabolism measured by 24 h whole-body calorimetry in patients receiving cyclic and continuous total parenteral nutrition.
Pharmacologic elevation of blood inorganic phosphate in hypoxemic patients with COPD.
Necrotizing bronchial aspergillosis in a patient receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy for non-small cell lung carcinoma.
An analysis of sequential physiologic changes in hypoxic cor pulmonale during long-term oxygen therapy.
On the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy. A 1990 update.
Immediate vs. delayed treatment of group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis with penicillin V.
Premenstrual syndrome. Tailoring treatment to symptoms.
Atrial regulation of intravascular volume: observations on the tachycardia-polyuria syndrome.
Safety and cost effectiveness of combined coronary angiography and angioplasty.
Three different frameshift mutations of the tyrosinase gene in type IA oculocutaneous albinism.
Influence of changes in arterial carbon dioxide tension on the electroencephalogram and posterior tibial nerve somatosensory cortical evoked potentials during alfentanil/nitrous oxide anesthesia.
Confirmation of endotracheal tube placement: a miniaturized infrared qualitative CO2 detector.
Cerebral dural sinus thrombosis.
Hypercarbic ventilatory responses of human heart-lung transplant recipients.
Composition of fat in enteral diets can influence outcome in experimental peritonitis.
Anti-tumor effect of L-methionine-deprived total parenteral nutrition with 5-fluorouracil administration on Yoshida sarcoma-bearing rats.
Formation of noninfectious HIV-1 virus particles lacking a full-length envelope protein.
Haemodynamic changes during the apnoea test for diagnosis of brain death.
Avoidance of cancellation of potential hyperstimulation cycles by conversion to in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer.
Comparison of 1 or 3 MU of interferon alfa-2b and placebo in patients with chronic non-A, non-B hepatitis.
Impaired binding properties of thyroxine-binding globulin in hepatocellular carcinoma and chronic liver disease.
IgM antibody to hepatitis C virus in acute and chronic hepatitis C.
Hepatitis C viral RNA in serum of patients with chronic non-A, non-B hepatitis: detection by the polymerase chain reaction using multiple primer sets.
Short-term antibiotic treatment in Whipple's disease.
Cefixime compared with amoxicillin for treatment of acute otitis media.
Neonatal short bowel syndrome.
Noninfectious colitis associated with short gut syndrome in infants.
Selective pulmonary vasodilation by low-dose infusion of adenosine triphosphate in newborn lambs.
Diagnostic tests for choreoacanthocytosis.
Gamma-interferon induction in patients with chronic progressive MS.
Comparative trial of cefprozil vs. amoxicillin clavulanate potassium in the treatment of children with acute otitis media with effusion.
Proteinase trapping: screening for viral proteinase mutants by alpha complementation.
Catalase-negative listeria monocytogenes causing meningitis in an adult. Clinical and laboratory features.
The interaction of plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 with plasminogen activators (tissue-type and urokinase-type) and fibrin: localization of interaction sites and physiologic relevance.
Early abdominal complications following heart and heart-lung transplantation.
Lithotripsy versus cholecystectomy for management of gallstones. A decision analysis by Markov process.
Induction of preovulatory luteinizing hormone surge and prevention of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome by gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist.
Immaturity and aneuploidy in human oocytes after different stimulation protocols.
Dysrhythmias and blood pressure changes associated with thrombolysis.
Effect of aspirin on heterotopic ossification after total hip arthroplasty in men who have osteoarthrosis.
Dysplasia epiphysealis capitis femoris. Meyer's dysplasia.
Chimeric gamma-delta signal joints. Implications for the mechanism and regulation of T cell receptor gene rearrangement.
Effect of enlarged adenoids on arterial blood gases in children.
The feeding pharyngostomy: an alternative approach to enteral feeding.
Intracisternal recombinant tissue plasminogen activator after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Phase I trial of tissue plasminogen activator for the prevention of vasospasm in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Effect of intrathecal fibrinolytic therapy on clot lysis and vasospasm in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Nocturnal nasal ventilation for treatment of patients with hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Transmission of hepatitis C virus by organ transplantation
Nutrition: its relationship to orthopedic infections.
Prognostic factors in childhood acute encephalitis.
Cerebral hemorrhagic risk of aspirin or heparin therapy with thrombolytic treatment in rabbits.
Bile duct diverticula and webs: nonspecific cholangiographic features of primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Rearrangement of the T-cell receptor delta chain gene in T-cell lymphomas with a mature phenotype.
Genetic control of susceptibility to diethylnitrosamine and dimethylbenzanthracene carcinogenesis in rats.
Epitope map of neurofilament protein domains in cortical and peripheral nervous system Lewy bodies.
Bleeding complications following initiation of thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction: a comparison of helicopter-transported and nontransported patients.
Hemorrhagic events during therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator, heparin, and aspirin for acute myocardial infarction. Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI), Phase II Trial.
Short-bowel syndrome in children. Quality of life in an era of improved survival.
National surveillance of dialysis-associated diseases in the United States, 1989.
Predominant expression of lambda light chain in adult cases with non-T-cell acute lymphocytic and chronic myelogenous leukemia in lymphoid blast crisis.
Diffuse large cell lymphoma occurring in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia. Evidence for the two different clones in Richter's syndrome.
Immunohistochemical detection of renal carbonic anhydrase of patients with recurrent urolithiasis.
Nucleotide deletion resulting in frameshift as a possible cause of complete thyroxine-binding globulin deficiency in six Japanese families.
Proarrhythmia, cardiac arrest and death in young patients receiving encainide and flecainide. The Pediatric Electrophysiology Group
Depression of factor XII-dependent fibrinolytic activity characterizes patients with early myocardial reinfarction after recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator therapy.
Disturbed secretion of atrial natriuretic peptide in patients with persistent atrial standstill: endocrinologic silence.
Effect of Candida albicans plus histamine on prostaglandin E2 production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy women and women with recurrent candidal vaginitis.
Dichotic listening failure in dysphoric neuropsychiatric patients who endorse multiple seizure-like symptoms.
Perioperative total parenteral nutrition in surgical patients. The Veterans Affairs Total Parenteral Nutrition Cooperative Study Group
Auditory screening of infants.
FK 506 reverses acute graft-versus-host disease after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in rats.
Coronary artery thrombolysis: comparison of approved agents.
Combination thrombolytic therapy: a comparison of simultaneous and sequential regimens of tissue plasminogen activator and urokinase.
Coronary bypass surgery improves global and regional left ventricular function following thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction. TAMI Study Group.
Serial antiarrhythmic drug treatment to maintain sinus rhythm after electrical cardioversion for chronic atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter.
Interferon therapy for acute posttransfusion non-A, non-B hepatitis: response with respect to anti-hepatitis C virus antibody status.
Fabry disease: detection of 13-bp deletion in alpha-galactosidase A gene and its application to gene diagnosis of heterozygotes.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in multiple symmetrical lipomatosis.
Assessment of blood echogenicity as an alternative measure to erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
A prospective, randomized trial comparing combination half-dose tissue-type plasminogen activator and streptokinase with full-dose tissue-type plasminogen activator. Kentucky Acute Myocardial Infarction Trial (KAMIT) Group.
Respiratory and circulatory analysis of CO2 output during exercise in chronic heart failure.
Elevation of serum interleukin-6 concentration precedes acute-phase response and reflects severity in acute pancreatitis.
Restricted T cell expression of IL-2/IFN-gamma mRNA in human inflammatory disease.
Eosinophil activation and T lymphocyte infiltration in allergen-induced late phase skin reactions and classical delayed-type hypersensitivity.
In vivo molecular analysis of lymphokines involved in the murine immune response during Schistosoma mansoni infection. I. IL-4 mRNA, not IL-2 mRNA, is abundant in the granulomatous livers, mesenteric lymph nodes, and spleens of infected mice.
The effects of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy on renal growth, function and arterial blood pressure in an animal model.
Pharmacokinetics of low-molecular-weight heparin and unfractionated heparin during elective aortobifemoral bypass grafting.
Altered antigen receptor signaling in anergic T cells from self-tolerant T-cell receptor beta-chain transgenic mice.
Analysis of the enhancer element that controls expression of sevenless in the developing Drosophila eye.
Nutritional support in the critically ill surgical patient.
Treatment of compound fractures.
A prospective study of incisional time, blood loss, pain, and healing with carbon dioxide laser, scalpel, and electrosurgery.
Intermittent short-term negative pressure ventilation and increased oxygenation in COPD patients with severe hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Inspiratory muscle relaxation rate after voluntary maximal isocapnic ventilation in humans.
ATP-dependent K+ channels modulate vasoconstrictor responses to severe hypoxia in isolated ferret lungs.
Comparison of patient-controlled analgesia and epidural morphine for postcesarean pain and recovery.
A regional prospective study of in-hospital mortality associated with coronary artery bypass grafting. The Northern New England Cardiovascular Disease Study Group.
Cost and benefit of secondary prophylaxis for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Effect of taurine on total parenteral nutrition-associated cholestasis.
Tube feeding-related diarrhea in acutely Ill patients.
Lack of predictive value of the APACHE II score in hypoalbuminemic patients.
Valve extension with glutaraldehyde-preserved autologous pericardium. Results in mitral valve repair.
Transformation suppressor activity of a Jun transcription factor lacking its activation domain.
Epileptic palatal myoclonus.
Disruption of the blood-brain barrier in open and closed cranial window preparations in rats.
Genomic structure of the human prion protein gene.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency due to a 20-bp deletion in exon II of the pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) E1 alpha gene.
Human beta-galactosidase gene mutations in GM1-gangliosidosis: a common mutation among Japanese adult/chronic cases.
Modifications by halothane of responses to acute hypoxia in systemic vascular capacitance, resistance, and sympathetic nerve activity in dogs.
Overnight studies in severe chronic left heart failure: arrhythmias and oxygen desaturation.
Syndrome X and hyperventilation.
Routine programmed electrical stimulation in survivors of acute myocardial infarction for prediction of spontaneous ventricular tachyarrhythmias during follow-up: results, optimal stimulation protocol and cost-effective screening
Muscle mitochondrial DNA in encephalomyopathy and ragged red fibres: a Southern blot analysis and literature review.
Catabolic illness. Strategies for enhancing recovery.
Ossified mucin-secreting choroid plexus adenoma: case report.
Ascites and pleural effusions associated with endometriosis.
Gamma-interferon promotes proliferation of adult human astrocytes in vitro and reactive gliosis in the adult mouse brain in vivo.
A mutant alpha subunit of Gi2 induces neoplastic transformation of Rat-1 cells.
Genetic analysis of microtubule motor proteins in Drosophila: a mutation at the ncd locus is a dominant enhancer of nod.
Effects of hypercapnia and hypocapnia on respiratory resistance in normal and asthmatic subjects.
Acupuncture and transcutaneous stimulation analgesia in comparison with moderate-dose fentanyl anaesthesia in major surgery. Clinical efficacy and influence on recovery and morbidity
Lumbar epidural diamorphine following thoracic surgery. A comparison of infusion and bolus administration.
Nasopharyngeal flora in the first three years of life in normal and otitis-prone children.
Renal colic. Utility of the plain abdominal roentgenogram.
Low-molecular-weight heparin (enoxaparin) vs dextran 70. The prevention of postoperative deep vein thrombosis after total hip replacement. The Danish Enoxaparin Study Group.
Treatment of recurrent urethral strictures using clean intermittent self-catheterisation.
Arthropathy of the ankle in hemophilia.
Source of tubercle bacilli in cervical lymph nodes: a prospective study.
Accidental astemizole overdose in young children.
Omega-3 fatty acids in health and disease and in growth and development.
Trypanosoma cruzi: a carbohydrate epitope defined by a monoclonal antibody as a possible marker of the acute phase of human Chagas' disease.
Solitary expression of CD7 among T-cell antigens in acute myeloid leukemia: identification of a group of patients with similar T-cell receptor beta and delta rearrangements and course of disease suggestive of poor prognosis.
Reversible operculum syndrome caused by progressive epilepsia partialis continua in a child with left hemimegalencephaly.
Longitudinal followup of patients with Meniere's disease.
Blindness resulting from orbital complications of sinusitis.
Perilymphatic fistula: analysis of free amino acids in middle ear microaspirates.
Facial nerve monitoring in acoustic tumor surgery.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve interpositional-jump graft for facial reanimation without tongue atrophy.
Laser cordectomy for T1 glottic carcinoma: a 10-year experience and videostroboscopic findings.
Torticollis in children.
The infectious and hematologic otolaryngic complications of myelosuppressive cancer chemotherapy.
Selective chemical vestibulectomy: preliminary results with human application.
Repair of a cerebrospinal fluid perilymph fistula primarily through the middle ear and secondarily by occluding the cochlear aqueduct.
Perilymphatic fistula: surgical experience in the United States.
Myringoplasty in children.
Oncocytic metaplasia of the pharynx.
Cloning of a cellular factor, interleukin binding factor, that binds to NFAT-like motifs in the human immunodeficiency virus long terminal repeat.
Transformation-dependent activation of urokinase-type plasminogen activator by a plasmin-independent mechanism: involvement of cell surface membranes.
Detection of hepatitis C viral RNA in serum of a patient with acute non A, non B hepatitis.
DNA diagnosis for hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis (Dutch type)
Interaction between T cell receptor beta chain and immunoglobulin heavy chain region genes in susceptibility to insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Gaucher disease: heterologous expression of two alleles associated with neuronopathic phenotypes.
The gastropulmonary route of infection--fact or fiction?
The effects of sucralfate and luminal stasis on recovery of the chambered rat gastric mucosa from taurocholate-induced damage.
The Health of the Public Program at the University of Washington: a new role for academic medical centers.
Avoidance of tolerance and lack of rebound with intermittent dose titrated transdermal glyceryl trinitrate. The Transdermal Nitrate Investigators.
Plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1, beta-thromboglobulin, and fibrinopeptide A before, during, and after treatment of acute myocardial infarction with alteplase.
Immunodepletion of extrinsic pathway inhibitor sensitizes rabbits to endotoxin-induced intravascular coagulation and the generalized Shwartzman reaction.
Hepatitis C virus infection and chronic liver disease in children with leukemia in long-term remission.
Disturbance in sodium regulating hormones in chronic obstructive uropathy.
Interferon-gamma inhibits arterial stenosis after injury.
Hypercarbic acidosis reduces cardiac resuscitability.
Staple closure of the hypopharynx after diverticulectomy and total laryngectomy.
Postheparin plasma diamine oxidase values in the follow up of patients with small bowel Crohn's disease.
Effects of CO2 rebreathing on pulmonary mechanics in premature infants.
Marshall-Smith syndrome: new radiographic, clinical, and pathologic observations.
Atrial natriuretic peptide-induced relaxation of pre-constricted isolated rat perfused lungs: a comparison in control and hypoxia-adapted animals.
Clinical, laboratory, roentgenographic, and electrocardiographic findings in patients with acute pulmonary embolism and no pre-existing cardiac or pulmonary disease.
A case of chronic mountain sickness diagnosed by routine pulmonary function tests.
Recurring catamenial pneumothorax treated with a Gn-RH analogue.
Hepatitis C virus antibodies in acute icteric and chronic non-A, non-B hepatitis.
Effects of atrial natriuretic factor in chronic hypoxic spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Prevention of chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa colonisation in cystic fibrosis by early treatment.
Lupus anticoagulants, anticardiolipin antibodies, and fetal loss. A case-control study.
Relationship between fetal biophysical activities and umbilical cord blood gas values.
Oxygen-induced hypercarbia in obstructive pulmonary disease.
Epileptogenic effect of hypoxia in the immature rodent brain.
Neocortical damage during HIV infection.
Pituitary hormone response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone in secondary amenorrheic women associated with simple weight loss.
Detection of preclinical Parkinson's disease with PET.
Primary anetoderma associated with a wide spectrum of autoimmune abnormalities.
Effects of antiarrhythmic drugs on canine atrial flutter due to reentry: role of prolongation of refractory period and depression of conduction to excitable gap.
Ionized calcium in blood: studies on patients with pulmonary disease.
Effects of immediate postoperative enteral nutrition on body composition, muscle function, and wound healing.
Effects of enteral fat emulsion on fat absorption in obstructive jaundiced rats.
Inhibition of early atherogenesis in transgenic mice by human apolipoprotein AI.
A tRNA(Lys) mutation in the mtDNA is the causal genetic lesion underlying myoclonic epilepsy and ragged-red fiber (MERRF) syndrome.
