Smell and taste disorders, a study of 750 patients from the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center.
Pituitary adenomas: automatic static perimetry and Goldmann perimetry. A comparative study of 345 visual field charts.
Bilateral eyelid myxomas in Carney's complex.
In vivo phosphorus-31 magnetic resonance spectroscopy of normal and pathological breast tissues.
Fasting plasma glucose levels and endogenous androgens in non-diabetic postmenopausal women.
Influence of neuropathy on the microvascular response to local heating in the human diabetic foot.
Essential fatty acid diet supplementation. Effects on peripheral nerve and skeletal muscle function and capillarization in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Peripheral glucose metabolism in acromegaly.
Changes in lipoprotein concentrations during the development of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in obese rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta).
Recombinant human thyrotropin (TSH) receptor in a radioreceptor assay for the measurement of TSH receptor autoantibodies.
Solitary polyclonal autonomous thyroid nodule: a rare cause of childhood hyperthyroidism.
A study of the serum concentration of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in thyroidal and nonthyroidal illnesses.
The efficacy and tolerability of CV 205-502 (a nonergot dopaminergic drug) in macroprolactinoma patients and in prolactinoma patients intolerant to bromocriptine.
A mutation in CYP11B1 (Arg-448----His) associated with steroid 11 beta-hydroxylase deficiency in Jews of Moroccan origin.
Are there clinical and epidemiological differences between familial and non-familial Alzheimer's disease?
Radiation dosimetry for the adult female and fetus from iodine-131 administration in hyperthyroidism.
Long-term survival rate after vitreous surgery for complications of diabetic retinopathy.
Anti-Mullerian hormone Bruxelles: a nonsense mutation associated with the persistent Mullerian duct syndrome.
Clinical use of urinary tract magnetic resonance imaging.
Detection of silent myocardial ischemia in diabetes mellitus.
Tolerance to somatostatin analogue in a preterm infant with islet cell dysregulation syndrome.
Indwelling cannula for insulin administration in diabetes mellitus.
Autoimmune Addison's disease and thyrotoxic thyroiditis presenting as encephalopathy in twins.
A study of thyroglobulin and peroxidase activity in the thyroid tissue of patients with non-endemic non-toxic nodular goitre.
Measurement of bone collagen degradation in hyperthyroidism and during thyroxine replacement therapy using pyridinium cross-links as specific urinary markers.
Lack of evidence for estrogen receptors in human and bovine parathyroid tissue.
Decrease in epidermal growth factor receptor and its messenger ribonucleic acid levels in intrauterine growth-retarded and diabetes mellitus-complicated pregnancies.
Somatostatin reduces 3H-thymidine incorporation and c-myc, but not thyroglobulin ribonucleic acid levels in human thyroid follicular cells in vitro.
Cloning and sequencing of a novel 64-kDa autoantigen recognized by patients with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Reinke's oedema and thyroid function.
Adrenocortical insufficiency: a rare presentation of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Disruption of human circadian and cognitive regulation following a discrete hypothalamic lesion: a case study.
Atypical hyperplasia of the breast: mammographic appearance and histologic correlation.
Nephrotoxicity from contrast material in renal insufficiency: ionic versus nonionic agents.
Ectopic pituitary adenoma in the suprasellar cistern: case report.
Changes in the characteristics of myocardial infarction patients: 1980 vs 1988.
Thallium stress testing does not predict cardiovascular risk in diabetic patients with end-stage renal disease undergoing cadaveric renal transplantation.
New concepts in managing diabetic foot infections.
Management of adipsia by a behavioural modification technique.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy: application to pediatric head and neck masses.
Effect of strict glycemic control on renal hemodynamic response to amino acids and renal enlargement in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Effects of cranial irradiation on hypothalamic-pituitary function--a 5-year longitudinal study in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Health implications of obesity.
Implications of obesity for cardiovascular disease in blacks: the CARDIA and ARIC studies [published erratum appears in Am J Clin Nutr 1991 Sep;54(3):590]
Body fat, coronary heart disease, and stroke in Japanese men.
Klinefelter's syndrome and liver adenoma.
Nucleolar organizer regions in various human brain tumors.
Dietary plant materials and development of diabetes in the BB rat.
Photodynamic therapy for rat pituitary tumor in vitro and in vivo using pheophorbide-a and white light.
Prolactin reduction after combined therapy for prolactin macroadenomas.
Gonadotropin-secreting pineal teratoma causing precocious puberty.
Hormonal modulation of a gene injected into rat heart in vivo.
Juxta-articular calcifications in secondary hyperparathyroidism: resorption after parathyroidectomy.
The perception of angina in diabetes: relation to somatic pain threshold and autonomic function.
Prevalence of risk factors in men with premature coronary artery disease.
Parathyroid adenoma in a cancer center patient population.
Quantitative bone and 67Ga scintigraphy in the differentiation of necrotizing external otitis from severe external otitis.
Cardiac myosin heavy chain mRNA expression and myocardial function in the mouse heart.
Islet allografts in the cryptorchid testes of spontaneously diabetic BB/Wor dp rats: response to glucose, glipizide, and arginine.
Multihormonal control of cell proliferation: opposite effects of two stimulators (17 beta-estradiol and L-triiodothyronine) and one inhibitor (dexamethasone) on F4Z2 pituitary tumor cells.
Inability of Tfm (testicular feminization) epithelial cells to express androgen-dependent seminal vesicle secretory proteins in chimeric tissue recombinants.
Polycystic ovarian disease: contribution of vaginal endosonography and reassessment of ultrasonic diagnosis.
Prevalence of coronary risk factors in elderly blacks and whites.
Increased serum conjugated dienes in elderly diabetic patients.
Surgical treatment of thyroid-related lid retraction: a new variation.
Ophthalmoplegia with headache. Be aware of diabetes.
Lower limb problems in diabetic patients. What are the causes? What are the remedies?
Combined pancreas-kidney transplantation: preliminary results and metabolic effects.
Septicaemia and adrenal haemorrhage in congenital asplenia.
Twenty four hour heart rate variability: effects of posture, sleep, and time of day in healthy controls and comparison with bedside tests of autonomic function in diabetic patients.
Abnormal erythemal response and elevated T lymphocyte HRPT mutant frequency in Cockayne's syndrome.
Pathobiology of endothelial and other vascular cells in diabetes mellitus. Call for data.
Opposing actions of dehydroepiandrosterone and testosterone on insulin sensitivity. In vivo and in vitro studies of hyperandrogenic females.
Possible genetic defects in regulation of glycosaminoglycans in patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Hyperinsulinemia produces both sympathetic neural activation and vasodilation in normal humans.
Thyroid disease in middle-aged and elderly Swedish women: thyroid-related hormones, thyroid dysfunction and goitre in relation to age and smoking.
High incidence of multinodular toxic goitre in the elderly population in a low iodine intake area vs. high incidence of Graves' disease in the young in a high iodine intake area: comparative surveys of thyrotoxicosis epidemiology in East-Jutland Denmark and Iceland.
The incidence of recurrence and hypothyroidism following treatment with antithyroid drugs, surgery or radioiodine in all patients with thyrotoxicosis in Malmo during the period 1970-1974.
Intellectual development in children with congenital hypothyroidism in relation to recommended thyroxine treatment.
Renal protein synthesis in diabetes mellitus: effects of insulin and insulin-like growth factor I [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Sep;18(3):420]
The role of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-I in experimental renal growth and scarring.
Goiter and hypothyroidism during re-treatment with amiodarone in a patient who previously experienced amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis.
A comparison of home glucose monitoring with determinations of hemoglobin A1c, total glycated hemoglobin, fructosamine, and random serum glucose in diabetic patients.
Brown tumor and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Modifications of thermoregulation in patients with suprasellar pituitary adenomas.
The neurology of endemic cretinism. A study of two endemias.
Sural nerve morphometry in diabetic autonomic and painful sensory neuropathy. A clinicopathological study.
Insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypertension. Parallels between human disease and rodent models.
Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Hypertension in obesity and NIDDM. Role of insulin and sympathetic nervous system.
Impact of blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment on incipient and overt nephropathy, retinopathy, and endothelial permeability in diabetes mellitus.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity in renovascular hypertension and primary aldosteronism.
Androgen receptor and the testes influence hypertension in a hybrid rat model.
Insulin resistance and blood pressure regulation in obese and nonobese subjects. Special lecture.
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin and serum nonsex hormone-binding globulin-bound testosterone fractions in prepubertal boys with chronic renal failure.
Enhanced left ventricular diastolic function in hyperthyroidism: noninvasive assessment and response to treatment.
3 alpha-androstanediol glucuronide in virilizing congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a useful serum metabolic marker of integrated adrenal androgen secretion.
Quantitative comparison of aromatase induction by dexamethasone in fibroblasts from a patient with familial cortisol resistance and a patient with cortisol hyperreactive syndrome.
Human plasma growth hormone (GH)-binding proteins are regulated by GH and testosterone.
Effect of selenium supplementation in hypothyroid subjects of an iodine and selenium deficient area: the possible danger of indiscriminate supplementation of iodine-deficient subjects with selenium.
Lipolytic and ketogenic fluxes in human hyperthyroidism.
Usefulness of the corticotropin-releasing hormone test during bilateral inferior petrosal sinus sampling for the diagnosis of Cushing's disease.
Effects of glycemic control on red cell deformability determined by using the cell transit time analyzer.
Prevalence of renal artery stenosis in diabetes mellitus--an autopsy study.
Autonomic nerve antibodies and autonomic nerve function in type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients.
Apathetic thyrotoxicosis in adolescence.
Bilateral adrenal tumours in primary aldosteronism: localization of a unilateral aldosteronoma by dexamethasone suppression scan.
In vivo SPECT quantitation of bone metabolism in hyperparathyroidism and thyrotoxicosis.
The Rochester Diabetic Neuropathy Study: design, criteria for types of neuropathy, selection bias, and reproducibility of neuropathic tests.
Diagnostic dilemmas. Results of screening tests for congenital hypothyroidism.
Diagnostic dilemma. The goiter.
Radiocontrast-associated renal dysfunction: incidence and risk factors
Radiocontrast-associated renal dysfunction: a comparison of lower-osmolality and conventional high-osmolality contrast media [corrected; erratum to be published]
Seminoma of the testis in a patient with 48,XXYY variant of Klinefelter's syndrome.
Transsphenoidal management of Rathke's cleft cysts. A clinicopathological review of 10 cases.
Hypothyroidism resulting from generic levothyroxine failure.
Islet amyloid polypeptide in proliferating pancreatic B cells during development, hyperplasia, and neoplasia in humans and mice.
Maternal hypothyroidism during the first half of gestation compromises normal catabolic adaptations of late gestation in the rat.
Early hypothyroidism in rats causes increased adult testis and reproductive organ size but does not change testosterone levels.
Increased sperm production in adult rats after transient neonatal hypothyroidism.
Thyroid hormone increases muscle/fat glucose transporter gene expression in rat skeletal muscle.
Effects of hyperthyroidism on rat liver glutathione metabolism: related enzymes' activities, efflux, and turnover.
T3 preserves respiratory function in sepsis.
Mixed acid fermentation of glucose as a mechanism of emphysematous urinary tract infection.
Echocardiographic evidence for the existence of a distinct diabetic cardiomyopathy (the Framingham Heart Study).
Nonfunctioning parathyroid carcinoma.
Autoimmunity after alpha-interferon therapy for malignant carcinoid tumors.
Preoperative localization of parathyroid tumours does not reduce operating time.
Early loss of neurogenic inflammation in the human diabetic foot.
Role of peptide growth factors in development of macrovascular complications of diabetes.
Major role for arterial disease in morbidity and mortality after kidney transplantation in diabetic recipients.
Improvement of insulin-induced glucose disposal in obese patients with NIDDM after 1-wk treatment with d-fenfluramine.
Effect of kidney dysfunction on lung volume in patients with diabetes.
Severe hypoglycemia in type I diabetic patients with impaired kidney function.
Hypercholesterolemia in diabetes and glucose intolerance in the U.S. population.
Epidemiology and prevention of periodontal disease in individuals with diabetes.
Role of height and glycosylated hemoglobin in abnormal nerve conduction in pediatric patients with type I diabetes mellitus after 4-9 yr of disease.
The challenge of translating scientific knowledge into improved diabetes care in the 1990s [editorial]
Role of postglomerular microvessels in pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy. Assessment and hypothesis.
Validation and evaluation of test for sympathetic cholinergic function in diabetes mellitus.
Oxygen free radical effects in sciatic nerve in experimental diabetes.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of thyroid nodules. A cost-effective diagnostic plan.
Effect of low-protein, very-low-phosphorus diet on diabetic renal insufficiency with proteinuria.
Patient and technique survival among an urban population of peritoneal dialysis patients: an 8-year experience.
Case report: hypothyroidism as a possible cause of an acquired reversible hemolytic anemia.
Natural course of Graves' disease after subtotal thyroidectomy and management of patients with postoperative thyroid dysfunction.
Modifications of the nasal cycle in patients with hypothalamic disorders: Kallmann's syndrome.
Excess mortality associated with diuretic therapy in diabetes mellitus
Does racial variation in risk factors explain black-white differences in the incidence of hypertensive end-stage renal disease?
Endocrine complications of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Posterior spinal fusion in Sotos' syndrome.
Breast conservation therapy. Severe breast fibrosis after radiation therapy in patients with collagen vascular disease.
The value of the tumor marker CA 15-3 in diagnosing and monitoring breast cancer. A comparative study with carcinoembryonic antigen.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the adrenal gland in women with late-onset adrenal hyperplasia.
Long-term survival analysis in hereditary hemochromatosis.
Knowledge-based computer system to aid in the histopathological diagnosis of breast disease.
Cardiovascular risk factors in primary hyperparathyroidism: a 15-year follow-up of operated and unoperated cases.
Reversible hypertriiodothyroninaemia due to adrenal insufficiency.
Single-dose subcutaneous iodine-131-iodohippurate for determination of renal plasma flow.
Regulation of parathyroid hormone synthesis in chronic renal failure in rats.
Positron emission tomography of pituitary macroadenomas: hormone production and effects of therapies.
Aminoguanidine effects on nerve blood flow, vascular permeability, electrophysiology, and oxygen free radicals.
Predicting chemically induced duodenal ulcer and adrenal necrosis with classification trees.
Mammographic follow-up of nonpalpable low-suspicion breast abnormalities: one versus two views.
Professional mammographic quality assessment program for a community hospital.
Nonpalpable breast lesions: stereotactic automated large-core biopsies.
Osteomyelitis: characteristics and pitfalls of diagnosis with MR imaging.
Effect of abnormal levels of serum components on antibiotic activity.
Biological markers in chromium exposure assessment: confounding variables.
Intrathoracic goiter: approaching the posterior mediastinal mass.
Cardiopulmonary bypass and thyroid function: a "euthyroid sick syndrome".
Nutritional benefits of soy protein and soy fiber.
Is the serum cholesterol-coronary heart disease relationship modified by activity level in older persons?
Does hypogonadism contribute to the occurrence of a minimal trauma hip fracture in elderly men?
Prospective evaluation of unilateral adrenal masses in patients with operable non-small-cell lung cancer.
Are concomitant surgical procedures acceptable in patients undergoing cervical exploration for primary hyperparathyroidism?
Diabetic foot infections.
The natural history of diabetic femoral neuropathy
Total parathyroidectomy alone or with autograft for renal hyperparathyroidism?
The determinants of early nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a prospective study based on the urinary excretion of albumin.
Lipid cyst: classic and atypical appearances.
Ultrastructural pathology of the 'barrier sites' in experimental autoimmune uveitis and experimental autoimmune pinealitis.
The clinical and endocrine outcome to trans-sphenoidal microsurgery of nonsecreting pituitary adenomas.
Renal failure in adult onset hypophosphatemic osteomalacia with Fanconi syndrome: a family study and review of the literature.
Responses of glucose and glucoregulatory hormones to exercise in thyrotoxic and myxoedematous patients before and after 3 months of treatment.
Photoaffinity labeling of rat type I iodothyronine deiodinase.
Tissue-specific regulation of alpha 1B, beta 1, and beta 2-adrenergic receptor mRNAs by thyroid state in the rat.
Adrenocorticotropin-releasing factor down-regulates glucocorticoid receptor expression in mouse corticotrope tumor cells via an adenylate cyclase-dependent mechanism.
The incidence of thyroid stimulating blocking antibodies during the hypothyroid phase in patients with subacute thyroiditis.
Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1: a 10-year prospective screening study in four kindreds.
Routine inferior petrosal sinus sampling in the differential diagnosis of adrenocorticotropin (ACTH)-dependent Cushing's syndrome: early recognition of the occult ectopic ACTH syndrome.
Octreotide stimulates insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) levels in acromegaly.
Smoking and hypertension: risk factors for carotid stenosis.
Changes in bladder function in the one year spontaneously diabetic BB rat.
Partial hypoparathyroidism. A variant of transient congenital hypoparathyroidism.
Skeletal integrity in premenopausal and postmenopausal women receiving long-term L-thyroxine therapy
Risk of neoplasia and malignancy in "dominant" thyroid swellings.
Efficacy of captopril in postponing nephropathy in normotensive insulin dependent diabetic patients with microalbuminuria.
Blood glucose control and albuminuria in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Cystic adrenal masses in the neonate associated with hemihypertrophy and the relation to the Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
Abdominoperitoneal approach to management of the high, short vagina in the adrenogenital syndrome.
Thyroid diseases after treatment of Hodgkin's disease.
Efficacy of desipramine in painful diabetic neuropathy: a placebo-controlled trial.
Diabetes care in minority groups. Overcoming barriers to meet these patients' special needs.
Calcium ion as a cofactor in Na channel gating.
Potential use of monoclonal antibodies in the diagnostic distinction of gynecomastia from breast carcinoma in men.
Impact of magnetic resonance imaging on the management of diabetic foot infections.
Mycotic aortic aneurysm infected by Clostridium septicum--a case history.
Growth prognosis and growth after menarche in primary hypothyroidism.
Primary hyperaldosteronism due to a functional black (pigmented) adenoma of the adrenal cortex.
The natural history of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1. Highly uncommon or highly unrecognized?
Drug treatment of hypertension in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Nonpharmacological treatment of hypertension in diabetes mellitus.
Hyperinsulinemia or increased sympathetic drive as links for obesity and hypertension.
Obesity and hypertension.
Na(+)-H+ exchanger and its role in essential hypertension and diabetes mellitus.
Patient and technique survival for blind and sighted diabetics on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: a ten-year analysis.
Competitive control of myosin expression: hypertrophy vs. hyperthyroidism.
Mutations of P450c21 (steroid 21-hydroxylase) at Cys428, Val281, and Ser268 result in complete, partial, or no loss of enzymatic activity, respectively.
Glomerular function in Pima Indians with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of recent onset.
Intensified conventional insulin treatment retards the microvascular complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM): the Stockholm Diabetes Intervention Study (SDIS) after 5 years.
Adrenocortical insufficiency with normal serum cortisol levels and hyporeninaemia in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Expression of type III hyperlipoproteinaemia in a subject with secondary hypothyroidism bearing the apolipoprotein E2/2 phenotype.
Necrotizing fasciitis in irradiated tissue from diabetic women. A report of two cases.
Changing pattern of bone and joint infections due to Staphylococcus aureus: study of cases of bacteremia in Denmark, 1959-1988.
Epidemiologic and clinical aspects of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia.
Metabolic consequences of (regional) total pancreatectomy.
Phenytoin-induced elevation of serum estradiol and reproductive dysfunction in men with epilepsy.
Prognostic significance of a predischarge exercise test in risk stratification after unstable angina pectoris
Use of modified diets in nursing homes.
Diabetes mellitus--a newly described risk factor for infection from Salmonella enteritidis.
Can urinary thyroid hormone loss cause hypothyroidism?
Malignant prolactinomas.
Pituitary microcirculation: physiological aspects and clinical implications. A laser-Doppler flow study during transsphenoidal adenomectomy.
Idiopathic aldosteronism in pregnancy.
Calcaneal insufficiency avulsion fractures in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Pituitary adenoma: correlation of half-dose gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging with surgical findings in 26 patients.
Steatocystoma multiplex: appearance at mammography.
Benign hemorrhagic adrenocortical macrocysts in Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
Septic metastatic lesions of pyogenic liver abscess. Their association with Klebsiella pneumoniae bacteremia in diabetic patients.
Long-term treatment of 189 acromegalic patients with the somatostatin analog octreotide. Results of the International Multicenter Acromegaly Study Group.
Benign and malignant tumors in patients with acromegaly.
Stripping out pus in lactational mastitis: a means of preventing breast abscess.
Aspiration cytology of breast.
Population density alters the responsiveness of GH4C1 pituitary tumor cells to 17 beta-estradiol.
Comparison of intact, midregion, and carboxy terminal assays of parathyroid hormone for the diagnosis of bone disease in hemodialyzed patients.
The lack of nocturnal serum thyrotropin surge in patients with nontoxic nodular goiter may predict the subsequent occurrence of hyperthyroidism.
Subtotal parathyroidectomy for secondary hyperparathyroidism in chronic renal failure.
Cancer risk after iodine-131 therapy for hyperthyroidism.
Reversible thyroid dysfunction during treatment with GM-CSF.
Advanced glycosylation end products in patients with diabetic nephropathy
Primary intrasellar coccidioidomycosis simulating a pituitary adenoma.
Maternal hemodynamics in pregnancies complicated by hyperthyroidism.
Painful subacute thyroiditis in Hawaii.
Treatment of diabetes in the elderly.
Is hypertension an insulin-resistant state? Metabolic changes associated with hypertension and antihypertensive therapy.
Skeletal muscle density: effects of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV staining of cytologic preparations to distinguish benign from malignant thyroid diseases.
Adrenocorticotropic hormone-independent bilateral adrenocortical macronodular hyperplasia as a distinct subtype of Cushing's syndrome. Enzyme histochemical and ultrastructural study of four cases with a review of the literature.
Parathyroiditis associated with hyperparathyroidism and branchial cysts.
Graded assessment and classification of impaired temperature sensibility in patients with diabetic polyneuropathy.
Sternal wound infections and use of internal mammary artery grafts.
Petrosal sinus sampling with and without corticotropin-releasing hormone for the differential diagnosis of Cushing's syndrome
Primary hyperparathyroidism and coexisting nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: rapid postoperative correction.
Parathyroid adenoma manifested as pancreatitis and polyuria.
The diabetic foot: consequences of delayed treatment and referral.
Increased infection rate in diabetic dialysis patients exposed to cocaine.
Validation of the cause of renal failure of patients in the Medicare end-stage renal disease program.
Sleep apnea in acromegaly.
Endocrine function in 98 HIV-infected patients: a prospective study.
Ultrasonic detection of parathyroid adenomas.
Recurrent kidney stones: causes and diagnostic criteria in patients from Campania (southern Italy).
Hyperinsulinemia, sex, and risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease
Relation of risk factor levels in young adulthood to parental history of disease. The CARDIA study
Time delay compensation for closed-loop insulin delivery systems: a simulation study.
Long-term effects of radiotherapy and bromocriptine treatment in patients with previous surgery for macroprolactinomas.
The pediatrician's involvement in prevention and treatment of oral disease in medically compromised children.
Calcium oxalate microcalcifications in the breast.
Hyperechoic renal medullary pyramids in infants and children
Disodium pamidronate in the preoperative treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism.
Cigarette smoking and other vascular risk factors in vasculogenic impotence.
Analysis of pituitary hormones and chromogranin A mRNAs in null cell adenomas, oncocytomas, and gonadotroph adenomas by in situ hybridization.
Microalbuminuria in clinical practice.
Assessment of risk of overt nephropathy in diabetic patients from albumin excretion in untimed urine specimens.
Prevalences of diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk factors in Hindu Indian subcommunities in Tanzania.
Diastolic time in diabetes. Impairment of diastolic time during dynamic exercise in type 2 diabetes with retinopathy.
Variables controlling the secretion of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 in normal human subjects.
In vivo detection of somatostatin receptors in patients with functionless pituitary adenomas by means of a radioiodinated analog of somatostatin ([123I]SDZ 204-090).
Screening healthy people for diabetes: is it worthwhile?
Baroreflexes in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Hand function in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Localization and needle aspiration of breast lesions: complications in 370 cases.
Abnormalities of the foot in patients with diabetes mellitus: findings on MR imaging.
Asymptomatic myocardial ischemia during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and importance of prior Q-wave infarction and diabetes mellitus.
Niacin revisited: clinical observations on an important but underutilized drug.
The acetylcholine-induced flare response in evaluation of small fiber dysfunction.
Regulation of parathyroid cell gene expression in experimental uremia.
Renal sodium and water handling in hypothyroid patients: the role of renal insufficiency.
Parathyroid hormone inhibits B cell proliferation: implications in chronic renal failure.
Prolactin-producing pituitary carcinoma with pulmonary metastases.
Elevated serum estradiol associated with increased androstenedione-testosterone ratio in adolescent males with varicocele and gynecomastia.
Isolated cryptococcosis of the adrenal gland.
The role of albumin in human physiology and pathophysiology, Part III: Albumin and disease states.
Surgical treatment of eyelid retraction associated with thyroid eye disease.
Functional assessment of neurologic impairment: track analysis in diabetic and compression neuropathies.
Deletions within the pseudoautosomal region help map three new markers and indicate a possible role of this region in linear growth.
Endocrine manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Case report: hypothyroidism due to pneumocystis carinii thyroiditis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Angiotropic large-cell lymphoma in a patient with adrenal insufficiency.
Hurthle cell hyperplasia and sarcoidosis of the thyroid.
Retroperitoneal bronchogenic cyst presenting as an adrenal mass.
A rare case of 'coccidioidoma' of the breast.
Diabetic ketoacidosis. Neurologic collapse during treatment followed by severe developmental morbidity.
Ketoacidosis in pregnancy associated with the parenteral administration of terbutaline and betamethasone. A case report.
Failure of ovulation induction with pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone and human menopausal gonadotropins in isolated gonadotropin deficiency.
Conservative treatment and long term prophylactic thyroxine in the prevention of recurrence of multinodular goiter.
Atrial natriuretic peptide infusion in primary aldosteronism. Renal, hemodynamic and hormonal effects.
Endocrine and immunohistochemical studies on thyrotropin (TSH)-secreting pituitary adenomas: responses of TSH, alpha-subunit, and growth hormone to hypothalamic releasing hormones and their distribution in adenoma cells.
Coexistence of autoantibody to human thyrotropin (TSH) and autoanti-idiotypic antibody to antihuman TSH antibody in a case with simple goiter.
Clinical characteristics of acromegalic patients whose pituitary tumors contain mutant Gs protein.
Clinical, biochemical, and morphological correlates in patients bearing growth hormone-secreting pituitary tumors with or without constitutively active adenylyl cyclase.
Test for recovery from hypothyroidism during thyroxine therapy in Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
The luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone pulse generator in men: abnormalities and clinical management.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone deficiency in men: diagnosis and treatment with exogenous gonadotropin-releasing hormone.
Hereditary hyperparathyroidism and multiple ossifying jaw fibromas: a clinically and genetically distinct syndrome.
Effects of hyperglycemia and mannitol infusions on renal hemodynamics in normal subjects.
Evidence that ethanol induces prolactin secretion in GH4C1 cells by producing cell swelling with resultant calcium influx.
Desmopressin and indomethacin therapy for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in patients receiving lithium carbonate.
Correlates of decade-long technique survival on home hemodialysis.
The growth hormone, prolactin and TSH response to TRH and L-dopa in patients with hyperprolactinaemia and a normal-sized sella turcica may denote a pituitary adenoma.
Primary hypoadrenalism in a patient with the lupus anticoagulant.
Sonography in neonatal congenital adrenal hyperplasia.
High-attenuation mediastinal masses on unenhanced CT.
Regulation of prolactin gene expression in a DMBA-estrogen-induced transplantable rat pituitary tumor.
A novel testis-stimulating factor in familial male precocious puberty.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia in diabetic ketosis.
Pseudonormoglycemia in diabetic ketoacidosis with elevated triglycerides.
A new point mutation in the 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine-binding domain of the c-erbA beta thyroid hormone receptor is tightly linked to generalized thyroid hormone resistance.
Effect of deslorelin dose in the treatment of central precocious puberty.
Abnormalities of the breast caused by biopsy: spectrum of mammographic findings.
Elevated plasma atrial natriuretic peptide level in the early phase of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Detection of isopropanol in acetonemic patients not exposed to isopropanol.
Aldose reductase messenger RNA in the lens epithelium in vivo: effects of diabetes mellitus and galactosaemia.
Quinidine inhibits prolactin secretion induced by thyrotropin-releasing hormone, high medium potassium or hyposmolarity in GH4C1 cells.
Altered expression of diabetes in BB/Wor rats by exposure to viral pathogens.
Influence of environmental viral agents on frequency and tempo of diabetes mellitus in BB/Wor rats.
Hyperthyroidism due to a pituitary adenoma composed of two different cell types, one secreting alpha-subunit alone and another cosecreting alpha-subunit and thyrotropin.
Thyrotropin-secreting pituitary adenomas: report of seven cases.
Erythrocyte carbonic anhydrase-I concentrations in patients with Graves' disease and subacute thyroiditis reflect integrated thyroid hormone levels over the previous few months.
Recognition of gonadotroph adenomas in women
Symptomatic cerebral swelling complicating diabetic ketoacidosis documented by intraventricular pressure monitoring: survival without neurologic sequela.
NIH conference. Diagnosis and management of asymptomatic primary hyperparathyroidism: consensus development conference statement.
Clinical significance of low serum thyrotropin concentration by chemiluminometric assay in 85-year-old women and men.
Administration of thyroxine in treated Graves' disease. Effects on the level of antibodies to thyroid-stimulating hormone receptors and on the risk of recurrence of hyperthyroidism
Pituitary hyperplasia and gigantism in mice caused by a cholera toxin transgene.
Improved speed and accuracy of calculations with a programmable calculator in pediatric emergency scenarios.
Differential regulation of thyroid hormone receptor messenger ribonucleic acid levels by thyrotropin-releasing hormone.
Central hypothyroidism due to isolated TRH deficiency in a depressive man.
Economic cost of diabetes mellitus--Minnesota, 1988.
Nutritional assessment of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients: an international study.
Transfer from ophthalmology to another service is a marker of high risk medical events.
Purpura fulminans and adrenal hemorrhage due to group Y meningococcemia in an elderly woman.
Clinical and neurophysiological studies of aldose reductase inhibitor ponalrestat in chronic symptomatic diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Changes in blood pressure, plasma triglyceride and aldosterone concentration, and red cell cation concentration in patients with hyperinsulinemia.
Effects of sorbinil, dietary myo-inositol supplementation, and insulin on resolution of neuroaxonal dystrophy in mesenteric nerves of streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Sublingual administration of testosterone-hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin inclusion complex simulates episodic androgen release in hypogonadal men.
Endocrine response determines the clinical outcome of pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone ovulation induction in different ovulatory disorders.
Paradoxical response of growth hormone to peptide histidine methionine in acromegaly: comparison with the effects of thyrotropin-releasing hormone and vasoactive intestinal peptide.
Postoperative primary adrenal failure in a patient with anticardiolipin antibodies
Splicing of juvenile and adult tau mRNA variants is regulated by thyroid hormone.
Patterns of pulsatile luteinizing hormone and follicle-stimulating hormone secretion in prepubertal (midchildhood) boys and girls and patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (Kallmann's syndrome): a study using an ultrasensitive time-resolved immunofluorometric assay.
The effects of activin on follicle-stimulating hormone secretion and biosynthesis in human glycoprotein hormone-producing pituitary adenomas.
Organ-specific cardiac antibodies: serological markers for systemic hypertension in autoimmune polyendocrinopathy.
Hormonal and local factors in hypertension.
Course of brittle diabetes: 12 year follow up.
Interleukin-6 secreting human pituitary adenomas in vitro.
Depot leuprolide acetate dosage for sexual precocity.
Evidence for retrotransposition of the I factor, a LINE element of Drosophila melanogaster.
Spontaneous and corticotropin-releasing factor-induced cytosolic calcium transients in corticotrophs.
Effect of aldose reductase inhibition on resistance to ischemic conduction block in diabetic subjects.
Atrial natriuretic peptide and response to changing plasma volume in diabetic nephropathy.
Exaggerated and prolonged thyrotrophin releasing hormone (TRH) test responses in tertiary hypothyroidism.
Early postoperative basal serum GH level and the GH response to TRH in relation to the long-term outcome of surgical treatment for acromegaly: a report on 39 patients.
Subcutaneous gonadotropin therapy in male patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Plasma free triiodothyronine response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone to predict the remission of Graves' disease treated with antithyroid drugs.
Pregnancy in patients with mild thyroid abnormalities: maternal and neonatal repercussions.
von Willebrand factor and development of diabetic nephropathy in IDDM.
Disturbance of basal and stimulated serum levels of intact parathyroid hormone in primary hyperparathyroidism.
Oral ofloxacin therapy for invasive external otitis.
Omega-3 fatty acids in health and disease and in growth and development.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and temporal lobe epilepsy.
Suppression of the pituitary-gonadal axis in children with central precocious puberty: effects on growth, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I, and prolactin secretion.
High levels of serum soluble interleukin-2 receptors in hyperthyroid patients: correlation with serum thyroid hormones and independence from the etiology of the hyperthyroidism.
Serum melatonin in central precocious puberty is lower than in age-matched prepubertal children.
The effect of long-acting analog of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone on growth hormone secretory dynamics in children with precocious puberty.
Hypothalamic peptides modulate cytosolic free Ca2+ levels and adenylyl cyclase activity in human nonfunctioning pituitary adenomas.
Association between exercise and other preventive health behaviors among diabetics.
