Introduction: obesity: diet composition, energy expenditure, and treatment of the obese patient.
Body fat accretion: a rat model.
Diet composition, energy intake, and nutritional status in relation to obesity in men and women.
Heredity and the path to overweight and obesity.
Factors common to successful therapy for the obese patient.
Release of benzalkonium chloride from a heparin-bonded umbilical catheter with resultant factitious hypernatremia and hyperkalemia.
Strategies in diabetes mellitus. Start of a new era.
Severe hyponatremia: an association with lisinopril?
Hemolytic reactions to nitrofurantoin in patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency: theory and practice.
Postprandial thermogenesis in lean and obese subjects after meals supplemented with medium-chain and long-chain triglycerides.
A behavioral taxonomy of obese female participants in a weight-loss program.
Barley and wheat foods: influence on plasma cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men.
Lipid, lipoprotein, and hemostatic effects of fish vs fish-oil n-3 fatty acids in mildly hyperlipidemic males.
Lactose digestion from yogurt: influence of a meal and additional lactose.
Consumption of prunes as a source of dietary fiber in men with mild hypercholesterolemia.
Electroencephalographic changes and periodontal status during short-term vitamin B-6 depletion of young, nonpregnant women.
Vitamin B-6 deficiency impairs interleukin 2 production and lymphocyte proliferation in elderly adults.
Greater influence of central distribution of adipose tissue on incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes in women than men.
Dietary restriction on serum thyroid hormone levels.
Hypercalcemia of advanced malignancy: decision making and the quality of death.
Visual field defects in diabetic patients with primary open-angle glaucoma.
Clinicopathologic study of changes in prolapsed intervertebral disks.
Neurophysiologic studies of the peripheral nervous system in nephropathic cystinosis.
Mechanisms of hypertension in diabetes.
Complications following thyroid surgery.
Effect of antiplatelet drug therapy on the retinal vascular pattern in experimental diabetes mellitus.
Symptomatic hyponatraemia due to inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion following minor surgery.
Structure-dependent dynamic mechanical behavior of fibrous caps from human atherosclerotic plaques.
Orotidine accumulation in human erythrocytes during allopurinol therapy: association with high urinary oxypurinol-7-riboside concentrations in renal failure and in the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.
Essential fatty acid diet supplementation. Effects on peripheral nerve and skeletal muscle function and capillarization in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Two patients with insulin resistance due to decreased levels of insulin-receptor mRNA.
Metabolic effects of fish-oil supplementation in patients with impaired glucose tolerance.
T-lymphocyte changes linked to autoantibodies. Association of insulin autoantibodies with CD4+CD45R+ lymphocyte subpopulation in prediabetic subjects.
Endocrine-metabolic function in remission-phase IDDM during administration of cyclosporine.
Regulation of rat insulin-receptor kinase by glucose in vivo.
Red blood cell lithium-sodium countertransport in the tecumseh blood pressure study.
Relation of obesity and diet to sympathetic nervous system activity.
Carbohydrate metabolism during intense exercise when hyperglycemic.
Changes in lipoprotein concentrations during the development of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in obese rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta).
Foscarnet-induced hypocalcemia and effects of foscarnet on calcium metabolism.
Bicarbonate secretion in vivo by rat distal tubules during alkalosis induced by dietary chloride restriction and alkali loading.
Apolipoprotein C-III(Lys58----Glu). Identification of an apolipoprotein C-III variant in a family with hyperalphalipoproteinemia.
A truncated species of apolipoprotein B (B67) in a kindred with familial hypobetalipoproteinemia.
Correction of enhanced Na(+)-H+ exchange of rat small intestinal brush-border membranes in streptozotocin-induced diabetes by insulin or 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol.
Characteristics and outcomes of hospitalized older patients who develop hypocholesterolemia.
Primary care clinician compliance with cholesterol treatment guidelines.
Long-term survival rate after vitreous surgery for complications of diabetic retinopathy.
Vitamin D deficiency causes a selective reduction in deposition of transforming growth factor beta in rat bone: possible mechanism for impaired osteoinduction.
Biohybrid artificial pancreas: long-term implantation studies in diabetic, pancreatectomized dogs.
Hypernatremia due to repeated doses of charcoal-sorbitol.
Postpartum hypercalcemia in a patient with medullary sponge kidneys.
Jack o'lantern mushroom poisoning.
Inspiratory muscle dysfunction and chronic hypercapnia in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Prevalence and treatment of giardiasis in chronic diarrhoea and malnutrition.
Tolerance to somatostatin analogue in a preterm infant with islet cell dysregulation syndrome.
Pulmonary sequelae of prolonged total venoarterial bypass: evaluation with a new experimental model.
Risk factors and early extracoronary atherosclerotic plaques detected by three-site ultrasound imaging in hypercholesterolemic men. Prevention Cardio-vasculaire en Medecine du Travail METRA Group.
In vivo effects of interleukin-1 on articular cartilage. Prolongation of proteoglycan metabolic disturbances in old mice.
Cranio-caudal movement of the sternum on induction of anaesthesia.
Cholesterol screening and life assurance.
Insulin action and metabolism in patients with head and neck cancer.
Autonomic mechanisms underlying intraocular pressure changes during insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in normal human subjects: effects of pharmacological blockade.
Measurement of whole-body protein turnover in insulin-dependent (type 1) diabetic patients during insulin withdrawal and infusion: comparison of [13C]leucine and [2H5]phenylalanine methodologies.
Doxepin therapy for postprandial symptomatic hypoglycaemic patients: neurochemical, hormonal and metabolic disturbances.
Efficacy and safety of potassium infusion therapy in hypokalemic critically ill patients.
Unaccounted for anion in metabolic acidosis during severe sepsis in humans.
Lack of enhanced responsiveness of plasma 18-hydroxycorticosterone and aldosterone to adrenocorticotropin as well as to angiotensin-II during moderate sodium depletion in type II diabetic subjects with normoreninemia.
The influence of osteophytes and aortic calcification on spinal mineral density in postmenopausal women.
Suppression of counterregulatory hormone response to hypoglycemia by insulin per se.
Glycaemic thresholds for hypoglycaemic symptoms, impairment of cognitive function, and release of counterregulatory hormones in subjects with functional hypoglycaemia.
Atypical hyperplasia of the breast: mammographic appearance and histologic correlation.
Coaxial needle technique for lumbar puncture in the morbidly obese patient.
Obesity and renal transplantation.
Simvastatin: a review of its pharmacology and clinical use.
Resolution of Cryptosporidium infection in an AIDS patient after improvement of nutritional and immune status with octreotide.
Pancreatic islet cell carcinoma with hypercalcemia: complete remission 5 years after surgical excision and chemotherapy.
Management of lipoprotein-X accumulation in severe cholestasis by semi-selective LDL-apheresis.
Bilateral central retinal vein occlusion as an initial manifestation of pseudotumor cerebri.
Variable phenotypes in a family kindred with adrenoleukodystrophy.
Nonketotic hyperglycinemia: treatment with NMDA antagonist and consideration of neuropathogenesis.
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of methylprednisolone in obesity.
New concepts in managing diabetic foot infections.
Management of adipsia by a behavioural modification technique.
Effect of strict glycemic control on renal hemodynamic response to amino acids and renal enlargement in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Pre-conception management of insulin-dependent diabetes: improvement of pregnancy outcome.
Coping and adaptation in children with diabetes.
A prospective study to evaluate the dose of vitamin D required to correct low 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels, calcium, and alkaline phosphatase in patients at risk of developing antiepileptic drug-induced osteomalacia.
Hypomagnesaemia in elderly hospital admissions: a study of clinical significance.
Obesity in minority populations: policy implications of research.
The 10-y incidence of obesity and major weight gain in black and white US women aged 30-55 y.
Weight-loss practices of overweight adults.
Prevalence of overweight and obesity in US Hispanic populations.
Obesity in Mexican American subgroups: findings from the San Antonio Heart Study.
Prevalence of obesity in American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Obesity in the Pima Indians: its magnitude and relationship with diabetes.
Body fat and obesity in Japanese Americans.
Prevalence of obesity in a Native Hawaiian population.
Current understanding of the etiology of obesity: genetic and nongenetic factors.
Is race associated with weight change in US adults after adjustment for income, education, and marital factors?
Predictors of obesity in Mexican Americans.
Studies of the etiology of obesity in Pima Indians.
Obesity in Samoans and a perspective on its etiology in Polynesians.
Health implications of obesity.
Implications of obesity for cardiovascular disease in blacks: the CARDIA and ARIC studies [published erratum appears in Am J Clin Nutr 1991 Sep;54(3):590]
Body fat, coronary heart disease, and stroke in Japanese men.
Health implications of obesity in American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Population perspectives on the prevention and treatment of obesity in minority populations.
Obesity prevention.
Weight-loss experience of black and white participants in NHLBI-sponsored clinical trials.
Cuidando El Corazon--a weight-reduction intervention for Mexican Americans.
Community-based exercise and weight control: diabetes risk reduction and glycemic control in Zuni Indians.
Obesity and cardiovascular risk intervention through the ad libitum feeding of traditional Hawaiian diet.
Screening of diabetic children for coeliac disease with antigliadin antibodies and HLA typing.
Urinary oxalate and glycolate excretion and plasma oxalate concentration.
Treatment of hyperkalaemia with intravenous salbutamol.
Efficacy of percutaneous renal biopsy in obese patients under computerized tomographic guidance.
Hypothalamic regulatory peptides in obese and lean Zucker rats.
Skeletal muscle degradation and nitrogen wasting in rats with chronic metabolic acidosis.
Global T wave inversion.
Defective thymic T cell activation by concanavalin A and anti-CD3 in autoimmune nonobese diabetic mice. Evidence for thymic T cell anergy that correlates with the onset of insulitis.
Benign intrinsic tectal "tumors" in children.
A small dose of soluble alginate-fiber affects postprandial glycemia and gastric emptying in humans with diabetes.
Dietary plant materials and development of diabetes in the BB rat.
An insulin-independent mechanism of intrathecal morphine-induced hypoglycemia in mice: mediation through a central alpha-2 adrenergic pathway.
MCI-154, a novel cardiotonic agent, reverses the acidic pH-induced decrease in responses of cardiac myofilaments to Ca++: comparison with sulmazole and pimobendan.
A prospective study of urologist-performed sonographic evaluation of the urinary tract in patients with prostatism.
Bilateral symmetrical striopallidodentate calcification associated with pseudohypoparathyroidism demonstrated in a patient with cerebellar astrocytoma.
Hypochloremic metabolic alkalosis from ingestion of a chloride-deficient infant formula: outcome 9 and 10 years later.
Juxta-articular calcifications in secondary hyperparathyroidism: resorption after parathyroidectomy.
Intrauterine applications of the resectoscope.
Oxygen utilization, carbon dioxide elimination and ventilation during recovery from supine bicycle exercise 6 to 8 weeks after acute myocardial infarction.
Composition of atherosclerotic plaques in coronary arteries in women less than 40 years of age with fatal coronary artery disease and implications for plaque reversibility.
Energy cost of physical activity on a metabolic ward in relationship to obesity.
Changes in abdominal and gluteal adipose-tissue fatty acid compositions in obese subjects after weight gain and weight loss.
Maternal weight gain, infant birth weight, and diet: causal sequences.
The transient hypercholesterolemia of major weight loss.
Psyllium fiber reduces rise in postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Response of vitamin B-6 content of muscle to changes in vitamin B-6 intake in men.
Nutritional and household risk factors for xerophthalmia in Aceh, Indonesia: a case-control study. The Aceh Study Group.
Ascorbic acid requirements for smokers: analysis of a population survey.
The clinical utility of maternal body mass index in pregnancy.
Monitoring of irrigating fluid absorption during transurethral prostatectomy. A study in anaesthetised patients using a 1% ethanol tag solution.
Hypermetabolism in arthrogryposis multiplex congenita.
Race and weight change in US women: the roles of socioeconomic and marital status [published erratum appears in Am J Public Health 1991 Jun;81(6):688]
Inner ear damage secondary to diabetes mellitus. I. Changes in adolescent SHR/N-cp rats.
Clearance of corneal crystals in nephropathic cystinosis by topical cysteamine 0.5%.
Prevalence of risk factors for heart disease in OXCHECK trial: implications for screening in primary care. Imperial Cancer Research Fund OXCHECK Study Group.
Paradoxically decreased aortic wall stiffness in response to vitamin D3-induced calcinosis. A biphasic analysis of segmental elastic properties in conscious dogs.
The effect of growth hormone on weight gain and pulmonary function in patients with chronic obstructive lung disease.
Long-term clinical follow-up of adult idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis and celiac disease.
Unusual initial calcification of primary and metastatic seminomas. Detection by computed tomography.
Hypersecretion of islet amyloid polypeptide from pancreatic islets of ventromedial hypothalamic-lesioned rats and obese Zucker rats.
Interrelated effects of insulin and glucose on diacylglycerol-protein kinase-C signalling in rat adipocytes and solei muscle in vitro and in vivo in diabetic rats.
Secretion of proglucagon-derived peptides in response to intestinal luminal nutrients.
Development of a wearable glucose sensor; studies in healthy volunteers and in diabetic patients.
The high risk of death by alcohol related diseases in subjects diagnosed as diabetic and impaired glucose tolerant: the Paris Prospective Study after 15 years of follow-up.
Skinfold and body circumferences as measures of body fat patterning in a French female active population: relationships with the metabolic risk profile.
Use of relative weight and Body Mass Index for the determination of adiposity.
Combined vitrectomy, cataract extraction, and posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation in diabetic patients.
Lactose intolerance. Pinpointing the source of nonspecific gastrointestinal symptoms.
The peroxisome and the eye.
Combined pancreas-kidney transplantation: preliminary results and metabolic effects.
Impact of age, race, and obesity on hypertensive mechanisms and therapy.
Hypercalcemia complicating an industrial near-drowning.
Marginal ulcer following gastric bypass for morbid obesity.
Glucose tolerance in cystic fibrosis.
Computed tomography of the brain in kwashiorkor: a follow up study.
Malignant osteopetrosis: hypercalcaemia after bone marrow transplantation.
Erdheim-Chester disease. Case report with autopsy findings.
A flexible approach to infrapopliteal vein grafts in patients with diabetes mellitus.
In vitro balloon dilatation of mitral valve stenosis: the importance of subvalvar involvement as a cause of mitral valve insufficiency.
Tumor necrosis factor-beta in the serum of adult T-cell leukemia with hypercalcemia.
Effect of calcification on in vivo mechanical response of rabbit arteries to balloon dilation.
Role of von Willebrand factor in arterial thrombosis. Studies in normal and von Willebrand disease pigs.
Pathobiology of endothelial and other vascular cells in diabetes mellitus. Call for data.
Effects of insulin deprivation and replacement on in vivo subcutaneous adipose tissue substrate metabolism in humans.
Correlations of in vivo beta-cell function tests with beta-cell mass and pancreatic insulin content in streptozocin-administered baboons.
Multifactorial origin of hypoglycemic symptom unawareness in IDDM. Association with defective glucose counterregulation and better glycemic control.
Oxidation of spectrin and deformability defects in diabetic erythrocytes.
Specific association of HLA-DR4 with increased prevalence and level of insulin autoantibodies in first-degree relatives of patients with type I diabetes.
Prevention of insulitis and diabetes onset by treatment with complete Freund's adjuvant in NOD mice.
HLA-DQA1 and -DQB1 alleles associated with genetic susceptibility to IDDM in a black population.
Particular HLA-DQ alpha beta heterodimer associated with IDDM susceptibility in both DR4-DQw4 Japanese and DR4-DQw8/DRw8-DQw4 whites.
Possible genetic defects in regulation of glycosaminoglycans in patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Detection of mutations in insulin-receptor gene in NIDDM patients by analysis of single-stranded conformation polymorphisms.
Increased plasma apolipoprotein(a) levels in IDDM patients with microalbuminuria.
Dehydration in the elderly: insidious and manageable.
Hyperglycaemia stimulates pyloric motility in normal subjects.
Primary bile acid diarrhoea without an ileal carrier defect: quantification of active bile acid transport across the ileal brush border membrane.
Decreased in vivo glucose uptake but normal expression of GLUT1 and GLUT4 in skeletal muscle of diabetic rats.
Low density lipoprotein density and composition in hypercholesterolaemic men treated with HMG CoA reductase inhibitors and gemfibrozil.
Prediction of the course of pre-type I diabetes.
Continuous venovenous hemofiltration in the management of acute decompensation in inborn errors of metabolism.
Obesity: types and treatments.
Chronic sialadenitis with psammoma bodies mimicking neoplasia in a fine-needle aspiration specimen from the submandibular gland.
Renal protein synthesis in diabetes mellitus: effects of insulin and insulin-like growth factor I [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Sep;18(3):420]
The role of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-I in experimental renal growth and scarring.
A prospective study of maturity-onset diabetes mellitus and risk of coronary heart disease and stroke in women.
Echographic diagnosis of anterior hyaloidal fibrovascular proliferation.
Visual field changes following hepatic transplantation in a patient with primary biliary cirrhosis.
Importance of maternal history of non-insulin dependent diabetic patients.
Sural nerve morphometry in diabetic autonomic and painful sensory neuropathy. A clinicopathological study.
Experimental vitamin E deficiency in rats. Morphological and functional evidence of abnormal axonal transport secondary to free radical damage.
Insulin resistance. A multifaceted syndrome responsible for NIDDM, obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypertension. Parallels between human disease and rodent models.
Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Central role of sodium in hypertension in diabetic subjects.
Hypertension in obesity and NIDDM. Role of insulin and sympathetic nervous system.
Impact of blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment on incipient and overt nephropathy, retinopathy, and endothelial permeability in diabetes mellitus.
Growth in adulthood after liver transplantation for glycogen storage disease type I.
Insulin resistance and blood pressure regulation in obese and nonobese subjects. Special lecture.
Cellular ions in hypertension, diabetes, and obesity. A nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic study.
Role of sympathetic activity in blood pressure reduction with low calorie regimen.
The orthostatic tachycardia syndrome: evaluation of autonomic function and treatment with octreotide and ergot alkaloids.
Stress hormones and acid-base status of human fetuses at delivery.
Cyclic adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate responses to parathyroid hormone, prostaglandin E2, and isoproterenol in dermal fibroblasts from patients with familial benign hypercalcemia.
Beriberi heart disease in a schizophrenic with an unusual diet.
On lowering lipids in the post-infarction patient.
Prevalence of renal artery stenosis in diabetes mellitus--an autopsy study.
Autonomic nerve antibodies and autonomic nerve function in type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients.
Left ventricular function and wall thickness in long-term insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: an echocardiographic study.
Nuclear imaging analysis of human low-density lipoprotein biodistribution in rabbits and monkeys.
Tin(Sn+4)-diiododeuteroporphyrin; an in vitro and in vivo inhibitor of heme oxygenase with substantially reduced photoactive properties.
Physiopathology of plasma lipoprotein metabolism.
Lipids and progressive kidney disease.
Hyperlipidemia and progressive renal disease.
Effect of dietary manipulation on the lipid abnormalities in patients with chronic renal failure.
T-cell reactivity to 38 kD insulin-secretory-granule protein in patients with recent-onset type 1 diabetes.
Identification of the causes of persistent hyperuricaemia.
Administration of antidiuretic peptide (DDAVP) by way of suction de-epithelialised skin.
Genetic analysis of autoimmune type 1 diabetes mellitus in mice
Nutritional therapy for infants with diarrhea.
Fermentable fibers and vitamin B12 dependency.
Accidental and intentional poisonings with ethylene glycol in infancy: diagnostic clues and management.
The epidemiologic importance of dysentery in communities.
Mortality due to shigellosis: community and hospital data.
Potentially lethal complications of shigellosis.
Oral rehydration therapy for invasive diarrhea.
Diagnostic importance of the radiographic density of noncalcified breast masses: analysis of 91 lesions.
Lung volume and distensibility in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Risk factors in relation to postoperative complications and mortality after total gastrectomy in aged patients.
Insulin plus a sulfonylurea agent for treating type 2 diabetes.
Lipoprotein profiles in hypercholesterolemic children [published erratum appears in Am J Dis Child 1991 May;145(5):515]
Medical management of obesity.
Pontine myelinolysis after correction of hyponatremia during burn resuscitation.
Vitamin B-6 requirements of elderly men and women.
Gastric inhibitory polypeptide and insulin responses to orally administered amino acids in genetically obese hyperglycemic (ob/ob) mice.
Prevention of the incidence of diabetes by dietary sorbose in nonobese diabetic mice.
Chick nutritional encephalomalacia and prostanoid formation.
Considerations for the treatment of ethylene glycol poisoning based on analysis of two cases.
Platelet vasopressin receptors in patients with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Effects of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors in hypercholesterolemic patients on hemodialysis.
Public health consequences of acute displacement of Iraqi citizens--March-May 1991.
Physical activity and reduced occurrence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Altered expression of insulin receptor types A and B in the skeletal muscle of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.
Hormone-regulated K+ channels in follicle-enclosed oocytes are activated by vasorelaxing K+ channel openers and blocked by antidiabetic sulfonylureas.
Arm edema in conservatively managed breast cancer: obesity is a major predictive factor
Hypothermia in the summer.
Salmonella osteomyelitis of the skull base.
Islet amyloid polypeptide in proliferating pancreatic B cells during development, hyperplasia, and neoplasia in humans and mice.
Television viewing and obesity in adult females.
A prospective evaluation of glucose reagent teststrips in the prehospital setting.
Delirium and lactic acidosis caused by ethanol and niacin coingestion.
Role of intrarenal angiotensin II and alpha-adrenoceptors in renal vasoconstriction with acute hypoxemia and hypercapnic acidosis in conscious dogs.
Effect of reduced blood flow on alpha 1- and alpha 2-adrenoceptor constriction of rat skeletal muscle microvessels.
Management of hyponatremic seizures in children with hypertonic saline: a safe and effective strategy.
Differential regulation of the insulin-like growth factors (IGF-I and -II) and IGF binding proteins during malnutrition in the neonatal rat.
Maternal hypothyroidism during the first half of gestation compromises normal catabolic adaptations of late gestation in the rat.
High activity of low-Michaelis-Menten constant 3', 5'-cyclic adenosine monophosphate-phosphodiesterase isozymes in renal inner medulla of mice with hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Triiodothyronine-receptor complex in rat brain: effects of thyroidectomy, fasting, food restriction, and diabetes.
Evidence that pretranslational and translational defects decrease serum insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations during dietary protein restriction.
Chronic streptozotocin diabetes in rats facilitates the acute stress response without altering pituitary or adrenal responsiveness to secretagogues.
Hypohydration does not impair skeletal muscle glycogen resynthesis after exercise.
Changes in insulin response to glucose after exercise training in partially pancreatectomized rats.
Uptake and metabolism of iodine is crucial for the development of thyroiditis in obese strain chickens.
Study of brain electrolytes and organic osmolytes during correction of chronic hyponatremia. Implications for the pathogenesis of central pontine myelinolysis.
MRI in cerebral toxocaral disease.
Hypercholesterolemia impairs endothelium-dependent relaxation of rabbit corpus cavernosum smooth muscle.
The impact of obesity on left ventricular mass and geometry. The Framingham Heart Study.
Results of the Massachusetts Model Systems for Blood Cholesterol Screening Project.
Metabolic rate, not percent dehydration, predicts rectal temperature in marathon runners.
Obstructive sleep apnea in children with Down syndrome.
Survival after neonatal myocardial infarction.
Readmissions of children with diabetes mellitus to a children's hospital.
Physician follow-up of a community cholesterol-screening project.
Comparison of serial quantitative evaluation of calcified coronary artery plaque by ultrafast computed tomography in persons with and without obstructive coronary artery disease.
Left ventricular filling in the systemic hypertension of obesity.
Abnormal left ventricular diastolic filling in eccentric left ventricular hypertrophy of obesity.
Nutrient balance in humans: effects of diet composition.
Changes in circulating leukocytes and mitogen responses during very-low-energy all-protein reducing diets.
Carbohydrate intake and body mass index in relation to the risk of glucose intolerance in an elderly population.
Relative effectiveness of milks with reduced amounts of lactose in alleviating milk intolerance.
Total and subcutaneous adipose tissue in women: the measurement of distribution and accurate prediction of quantity by using magnetic resonance imaging.
Alcohol intake in relation to diet and obesity in women and men
Effects of a very-low-calorie diet and physical-training regimens on body composition and resting metabolic rate in obese females.
Effect of supplementary feeding on recovery from mild to moderate wasting in preschool children.
Effects of a soy-protein beverage on plasma lipoproteins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Effects of obesity on aerobic fitness in adolescent females.
A longitudinal study of birth weight and being overweight in late adolescence.
Potassium depletion exacerbates essential hypertension.
Gait characteristics of obese children.
Defect in fatty acid oxidation: laboratory and pathologic findings in a patient.
A double-blind crossover study of the effect of concomitant diuretic therapy in hypertensive patients treated with amlodipine.
Metabolic basis of primary hypercholesterolemia.
Effects of short-term, diet-induced hypercholesterolemia on systemic hemodynamics, myocardial blood flow, and infarct size in awake dogs with acute myocardial infarction.
Increased symptoms of hypoglycaemia in the standing position in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Early loss of neurogenic inflammation in the human diabetic foot.
Adamantinoma of the tibia with pulmonary metastases and hypercalcemia.
Increased incidence of type II diabetes mellitus in Mexican Americans.
Effect of antecedent glucose control on cerebral function during hypoglycemia.
Association of cigarette smoking with diabetic retinopathy.
Relationship of metabolic control and body weight to hypercholesterolemia in NIDDM patients with apolipoprotein E4.
Telematic transmission of computerized blood glucose profiles for IDDM patients.
Color discrimination and accuracy of blood glucose self-monitoring in type I diabetic patients.
Reproducibility of glucose and insulin responses to mixed meal in type II diabetic patients.
Role of peptide growth factors in development of macrovascular complications of diabetes.
von Willebrand factor and endothelial abnormalities in diabetic microangiopathy.
Plasma catecholamine responses to hypoglycemia in children and adolescents with IDDM.
Bacteremia in adult diabetic patients.
Low-glycemic index foods improve long-term glycemic control in NIDDM.
Abdominal obesity and physical inactivity as risk factors for NIDDM and impaired glucose tolerance in Indian, Creole, and Chinese Mauritians.
Lipoprotein(a) levels in black and white children and adolescents with IDDM
Major role for arterial disease in morbidity and mortality after kidney transplantation in diabetic recipients.
Decrease of lipoprotein(a) with improved glycemic control in IDDM subjects
Diabetes Intervention Study. Multi-intervention trial in newly diagnosed NIDDM.
Health, life, and automobile insurance characteristics in adults with IDDM.
Improvement of insulin-induced glucose disposal in obese patients with NIDDM after 1-wk treatment with d-fenfluramine.
Effect of kidney dysfunction on lung volume in patients with diabetes.
Differential effect of diabetes education on self-regulation and life-style behaviors.
Elevated cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity in IDDM men who smoke. Possible factor for unfavorable lipoprotein profile.
Double-blind evaluation of efficacy and tolerability of metformin in NIDDM.
Severe hypoglycemia in type I diabetic patients with impaired kidney function.
Evolution of glomerular filtration rate in proteinuric NIDDM patients.
Controlled study of biofeedback-assisted relaxation in type I diabetes.
Hypercholesterolemia in diabetes and glucose intolerance in the U.S. population.
Role of height and glycosylated hemoglobin in abnormal nerve conduction in pediatric patients with type I diabetes mellitus after 4-9 yr of disease.
Effects of alpha-glucosidase inhibition on meal glucose tolerance and timing of insulin administration in patients with type I diabetes mellitus.
Kelly West Lecture. Primary prevention of type II diabetes mellitus.
Infant feeding in Finnish children less than 7 yr of age with newly diagnosed IDDM. Childhood Diabetes in Finland Study Group.
Role of postglomerular microvessels in pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy. Assessment and hypothesis.
Risk factors for NIDDM in white population. Paris prospective study.
Expression of functional human Epstein-Barr virus/C3d receptor ([CR2] CD21) on insulinoma cell line. Induction of tumor rejection but not diabetes in syngeneic rats.
1,2-diacylglycerol content and its fatty acid composition in thoracic aorta of diabetic rats.
Risk of diabetes in siblings and other relatives of IDDM subjects.
Persistent reversal of diabetes by transplantation of fetal pig proislets into nude mice.
Validation and evaluation of test for sympathetic cholinergic function in diabetes mellitus.
Oxygen free radical effects in sciatic nerve in experimental diabetes.
Liver and kidney tissue membranes as tissue markers for nonenzymatic glycosylation.
Transplantation of purified islet cells in diabetic rats. I. Standardization of islet cell grafts.
Transplantation of purified islet cells in diabetic rats. II. Immunogenicity of allografted islet beta-cells.
Transplantation of purified islet cells in diabetic rats. III. Immunosuppressive effect of cyclosporin.
Encapsulated hepatocytes for controlling hyperbilirubinemia in Gunn rats.
Efficacy of vitamin A in reducing preschool child mortality in Nepal.
Famine: a perspective for the nutrition community.
Idiopathic sclerochoroidal calcification.
Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study design and baseline patient characteristics. ETDRS report number 7.
Effects of aspirin treatment on diabetic retinopathy. ETDRS report number 8. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Early photocoagulation for diabetic retinopathy. ETDRS report number 9. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Grading diabetic retinopathy from stereoscopic color fundus photographs--an extension of the modified Airlie House classification. ETDRS report number 10. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Classification of diabetic retinopathy from fluorescein angiograms. ETDRS report number 11. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Fundus photographic risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy. ETDRS report number 12. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Fluorescein angiographic risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy. ETDRS report number 13. Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study Research Group.
Intentional replantation: a successful alternative for hopeless teeth.
Valve replacement for calcified aortic stenosis in septuagenarians infers normal life-length.
Effect of low-protein, very-low-phosphorus diet on diabetic renal insufficiency with proteinuria.
Complementation and maternal effect in insulin-dependent diabetes.
DRB genotyping supports recessive inheritance of DR3-associated susceptibility to insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Weight control after vertical banded gastroplasty for morbid obesity.
Normal parathyroid hormone responses to hypocalcemia during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Serum glucose after intraperitoneal infusion of 5% dextrose solution.
Scanning electron microscopic study of microaneurysms in the diabetic retina.
Delayed diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy in black and Hispanic patients with diabetes mellitus.
Effects of a very-low-calorie diet on long-term glycemic control in obese type 2 diabetic subjects
The incidence of gross proteinuria in people with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Excess mortality associated with diuretic therapy in diabetes mellitus
Improved detection and referral of patients with diabetic retinopathy by primary care physicians. Effectiveness of education.
Niacin revisited. A randomized, controlled trial of wax-matrix sustained-release niacin in hypercholesterolemia.
Dyslipidemia in veterans. Multiple risk factors may break the bank.
Altered distribution of basic fibroblast growth factor in diabetic retinopathy.
Effect of massive dose vitamin A on morbidity and mortality in Indian children
Frequency of the hypercalcemia-leukocytosis syndrome in oral malignancies.
The role of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in the maintenance of hypercalcemia in a patient with an ovarian carcinoma producing parathyroid hormone-related protein.
Long-term survival analysis in hereditary hemochromatosis.
Comparative evaluation of chenodeoxycholic and ursodeoxycholic acids in obese patients. Effects on biliary lipid metabolism during weight maintenance and weight reduction.
Asymptomatic bacterascites: is it spontaneous bacterial peritonitis?
Acidosis protects against lethal oxidative injury of liver sinusoidal endothelial cells.
Hyperglycemia-induced cholestasis in the isolated perfused rat liver.
Parathyroid hormone-related protein of malignancy: immunohistochemical and biochemical studies in normocalcaemic and hypercalcaemic patients with cancer.
Isoenzymes of alkaline phosphatase in epileptic patients receiving carbamazepine monotherapy.
Biochemical liver profile in hemochromatosis. A survey of 100 patients.
Continuous subcutaneous octreotide infusion: dose-response relationships between metabolic effects and octreotide clearance in patients with insulin-dependent (type 1) diabetes.
Functional, biochemical, and histopathologic consequences of high-dose interleukin-2 administration in rats.
Growth hormone-enhanced lipolysis in the spontaneously diabetic BB rat.
Lovastatin therapy in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemic patients: effect on blood rheology and fibrinogen levels.
Cardiovascular risk factors in primary hyperparathyroidism: a 15-year follow-up of operated and unoperated cases.
Cholesterol screening in the emergency department.
Cerebral edema causing death in children with maple syrup urine disease.
Systemic lupus erythematosus and the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.
Neurologic aspects of cobalamin deficiency.
Magnetic resonance imaging shows specific abnormalities in the MELAS syndrome.
1H NMR study of renal trimethylamine responses to dehydration and acute volume loading in man.
Aminoguanidine effects on nerve blood flow, vascular permeability, electrophysiology, and oxygen free radicals.
Islet-specific T-cell clones from nonobese diabetic mice express heterogeneous T-cell receptors.
Mammographic follow-up of nonpalpable low-suspicion breast abnormalities: one versus two views.
Breast specimen microcalcifications: radiographic validation and pathologic-radiologic correlation.
Neutropenia-wise and pound-foolish: safe and effective chemotherapy in massively obese patients.
Myocardial calcifications in neonates and infants: a unique tissue reaction.
Severe hyperkalemia during magnesium sulfate therapy in two pregnant drug abusers.
Bilateral diaphragm paralysis after cardiac surgery with topical hypothermia.
Effect of abnormal levels of serum components on antibiotic activity.
Ultrasonic decalcification of the aortic annulus during aortic valve replacement.
Mitral valve repair in the extensively calcified mitral valve annulus.
Expression of a foreign gene in cats reconstituted with retroviral vector infected autologous bone marrow.
Nutritional model of hepatocarcinogenesis. Rats fed choline-devoid diet.
Dehydration syndromes. Oral rehydration and fluid replacement.
Rhabdomyolysis following total hip arthroplasty.
Nutritional benefits of soy protein and soy fiber.
Review of clinical studies on cholesterol-lowering response to soy protein.
Soy protein in relation to human protein and amino acid nutrition.
Is the serum cholesterol-coronary heart disease relationship modified by activity level in older persons?
Ifosfamide, Fanconi's syndrome, and rickets.
Aortic distensibility in patients with isolated hypercholesterolaemia, coronary artery disease, or cardiac transplant.
Prolonged QT interval and risk of sudden death in South-East Asian men.
Malnutrition in a compulsive runner: a case conference.
The effects on plasma lipoproteins of a prudent weight-reducing diet, with or without exercise, in overweight men and women.
Stimulation of healing of chronic wounds by epidermal growth factor.
The determinants of early nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a prospective study based on the urinary excretion of albumin.
Does intensive glycemic control in diabetic pregnancies result in normalization of other metabolic fuels?
Lipid deposition and intimal stress and strain. A study in rats with aortic stenosis.
Development of complex atherosclerotic lesions in pigs with inherited hyper-LDL cholesterolemia bearing mutant alleles for apolipoprotein B.
Activated monocytes and granulocytes, capillary nonperfusion, and neovascularization in diabetic retinopathy.
Perioperative maternal and neonatal acid-base status and glucose metabolism in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of an aggressive (U.S.) and a less aggressive (Canadian) policy for cholesterol screening and treatment
Review of fluorescein angiograms performed in one year.
Renal failure in adult onset hypophosphatemic osteomalacia with Fanconi syndrome: a family study and review of the literature.
Acute encephalopathy due to thiamine deficiency (Wernicke's encephalopathy) in a chronic hemodialyzed patient: a case report.
Removal of trace metals by continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis after desferrioxamine B chelation therapy.
Physiological disturbances in hypoglycaemia: effect on subjective awareness [editorial]
Hepatic computed tomography for monitoring the iron status of haemodialysis patients with haemosiderosis treated with recombinant human erythropoietin.
In vivo regulation of the activity of the two promoters of the rat acetyl coenzyme-A carboxylase gene.
A novel vitamin D3 analog, 22-oxa-1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3, inhibits the growth of human breast cancer in vitro and in vivo without causing hypercalcemia.
Regional differences in adrenoreceptor status of adipose tissue in adults and prepubertal children.
Lipoprotein composition and HDL particle size distribution in women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the effects of probucol treatment.
Alexithymic characteristics and metabolic control in diabetic and healthy adults.
Urease and the acidosis of urinary intestinal diversion.
Autotransplantation of dispersed pancreatic islet tissue combined with total or near-total pancreatectomy for treatment of chronic pancreatitis.
Left ventricular filling abnormalities in asymptomatic morbid obesity.
Changes in body weight, body composition, and energy intake in women fed high- and low-fat diets.
Fluoxetine's effect on weight loss in obese subjects.
Partial hypoparathyroidism. A variant of transient congenital hypoparathyroidism.
Rice solution and World Health Organization solution by gastric infusion for high stool output diarrhea.
Low serum calcium and high parathyroid hormone levels in neonates fed 'humanized' cow's milk-based formula.
Gallstone formation after rapid weight loss: a prospective study in patients undergoing gastric bypass surgery for treatment of morbid obesity.
Alpha 1-antitrypsin clearance as an aid in the management of patients with celiac disease.
Effect of clonidine on gallbladder contraction and small bowel transit time in insulin-treated diabetics.
Coronary heart disease risk factor profiles in black patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: paradoxic patterns.
Obstructive sleep apnea during pregnancy. Therapy and implications for fetal health.
The clinical course of perimesencephalic nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
Eating disorders in young adults with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: a controlled study.
Efficacy of captopril in postponing nephropathy in normotensive insulin dependent diabetic patients with microalbuminuria.
Increased prevalence of hereditary metabolic diseases among native Indians in Manitoba and northwestern Ontario.
Percutaneous excimer laser coronary angioplasty of lesions not ideal for balloon angioplasty
Hypercholesterolemia enhances macrophage recruitment and dysfunction of regenerated endothelium after balloon injury of the rabbit iliac artery.
Cholesterol screening management of Florida's pediatric population.
Insulin and glucose levels and prevalence of glucose intolerance in pedigrees with multiple diabetic siblings.
Importance of insulin in subjective, cognitive, and hormonal responses to hypoglycemia in patients with IDDM.
Prediction and prevention of IDDM--1991.
Abnormalities of cognitive functions in IDDM revealed by P300 event-related potential analysis. Comparison with short-latency evoked potentials and psychometric tests.
Nutrition and somatomedin. XXVII. Total and free IGF-I and IGF binding proteins in rats with streptozocin-induced diabetes.
Progression to type I diabetes in autoimmune endocrine patients with islet cell antibodies.
Relative hypersecretion of proinsulin in rat model of NIDDM.
Chronic dietary iron overload in rats results in impaired calcium sequestration by hepatic mitochondria and microsomes 1, 2, and 3.
Biliary excretion of bile acid conjugates in a hyperbilirubinemic mutant Sprague-Dawley rat.
Obesity, a disorder of nutrient partitioning: the MONA LISA hypothesis.
Kinetics of rat peripheral nerve, forebrain and cerebellum alpha-tocopherol depletion: comparison with different organs.
Effect of dietary deficiency and supplementation with all-rac-alpha-tocopherol on hepatic content in rats.
Rumen succinate production may ameliorate the effects of cobalt-vitamin B-12 deficiency on methylmalonyl CoA mutase in sheep.
Blood glucose control and albuminuria in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency as a preventive measure: prevalence among 1,286,000 Greek newborn infants.
Prospective evaluation of vertical banded gastroplasty as the primary operation for morbid obesity.
Wavelength dependence of pulsed laser ablation of calcified tissue.
Cholesterol screening in pediatric practice.
Fish oil treatment of hyperlipidemia in children and adolescents receiving renal replacement therapy.
Hypercholesterolemia in adolescents: effectiveness of screening strategies based on selected risk factors.
Histopathology of childhood pneumonia in developing countries.
Pathogenesis of respiratory infections due to influenza virus: implications for developing countries.
Congenital atransferrinemia. A case report and review of the literature.
Preoperative insurance status influences postoperative complication rates for gastric bypass.
Effect of blood glucose level in acute cerebral ischemia in spontaneously hypertensive rats--survival and brain pathology.
Screening for familial hypercholesterolaemia by measurement of apolipoproteins in capillary blood.
Subcutaneous or intramuscular insulin injections.
Not all nonpalpable breast cancers are alike.
Hyperinsulinemia or increased sympathetic drive as links for obesity and hypertension.
Obesity and hypertension.
Calcium metabolism in hypertension and allied metabolic disorders.
Confirmation of the efficacy of hepatic tissue iron index in differentiating genetic haemochromatosis from alcoholic liver disease complicated by alcoholic haemosiderosis.
Exercise training elevates RMR during moderate but not severe dietary restriction in obese male rats.
Relationship between apolipoprotein(a) phenotype, lipoprotein(a) concentration in plasma, and low density lipoprotein receptor function in a large kindred with familial hypercholesterolemia due to the pro664----leu mutation in the LDL receptor gene.
Glomerular function in Pima Indians with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of recent onset.
Effects of body fat distribution on regional lipolysis in obesity.
Familial dysbetalipoproteinemia associated with apolipoprotein E3-Leiden in an extended multigeneration pedigree.
Intensified conventional insulin treatment retards the microvascular complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM): the Stockholm Diabetes Intervention Study (SDIS) after 5 years.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in morbidly obese patients.
Serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels in non-hypertensive lean NIDDM patients.
The sleep apnoea syndrome in obesity: risk of sudden death.
Long-term effects of simvastatin in familial dysbetalipoproteinaemia.
Expression of type III hyperlipoproteinaemia in a subject with secondary hypothyroidism bearing the apolipoprotein E2/2 phenotype.
Studies of concanavalin A in nonobese diabetic mice. II. Lymphocyte tracking and phenotype responses.
Subcutaneous cholesterol crystals mimicking calcinosis cutis in systemic sclerosis.
Diabetes insipidus secondary to Wegener's granulomatosis: report and review of the literature.
Factors which regulate net hepatic glucose uptake in vivo.
Patterns of failure in Hancock pericardial bioprostheses.
Non-Menkes-type copper deficiency with regression, lactic acidosis, and granulocytopenia.
Retinal capillary blood flow measurement with a scanning laser ophthalmoscope. Preliminary results.
Severe hypomagnesemia associated with pentamidine therapy.
Antiperistaltic and isoperistaltic intussusception associated with abnormal motility after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: a case report.
Pulmonary hemorrhage and necrotizing glomerulonephritis without glomerular immune deposits: report of two cases.
Reversible changes in osmoregulation of vasopressin release due to impaired water excretion.
Analysis in a large hyperkalemic periodic paralysis pedigree supports tight linkage to a sodium channel locus.
Mutations in the arylsulfatase A pseudodeficiency allele causing metachromatic leukodystrophy.
A common Lithuanian mutation causing familial hypercholesterolemia in Ashkenazi Jews.
Epidemiologic and clinical aspects of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia.
Regression of coronary atherosclerosis: an achievable goal? Review of results from recent clinical trials.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results: III. Efficacy in modifying lipoproteins and implications for managing patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results: IV. Additional perspectives on the tolerability of lovastatin.
Rationale for treatment.
The syndrome of alcoholic ketoacidosis.
Thiamine deficiency in patients with congestive heart failure receiving long-term furosemide therapy: a pilot study.
Metabolic consequences of (regional) total pancreatectomy.
Retinal thickness analysis for quantitative assessment of diabetic macular edema.
Protamine allergy reactions during cardiac catheterization and cardiac surgery: risk in patients taking protamine-insulin preparations.
Calcium, magnesium, and zinc supplementation and perinatal outcome.
Idiopathic scrotal calcinosis is idiopathic.
Family-oriented nutrition intervention for a lipid clinic population.
Nutritional problems of developing countries.
Chemicals and environmentally caused diseases in developing countries.
Development of diabetogenic T cells from NOD/Lt marrow is blocked when an allo-H-2 haplotype is expressed on cells of hemopoietic origin, but not on thymic epithelium.
Hypercalcemic crisis in pregnancy associated with excessive ingestion of calcium carbonate antacid (milk-alkali syndrome): successful treatment with hemodialysis.
Diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage.
Water intoxication: a complication of pelvic US in a patient with syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.
Calcaneal insufficiency avulsion fractures in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Cervical paraspinal calcification in collagen vascular diseases.
Diagnosis of osteomyelitis of the foot in diabetic patients: value of 111In-leukocyte scintigraphy.
Improvement in glucose-induced insulin secretion in diabetic rats after long-term gliclazide treatment: a comparative study using different models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus induced by neonatal streptozotocin.
Hepatic sensitivity to insulin: effects of sulfonylurea drugs.
Current status of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type II): management with gliclazide.
Effect of 6-month gliclazide treatment on insulin release and sensitivity to endogenous insulin in NIDDM: role of initial continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion-induced normoglycemia.
An evaluation of long-term glycemic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: the relevance of glycated hemoglobin.
Pathophysiology of vascular disease in diabetes: effects of gliclazide.
Development of macroangiopathy in sand rats (Psammomys obesus), an animal model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effect of gliclazide.
Pathogenesis of diabetic microangiopathy: an overview.
Diabetic retinopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients: the role of gliclazide.
Rationale for the association of sulfonylurea and insulin.
Mechanisms for hyperglycemia in type II diabetes mellitus: therapeutic implications for sulfonylurea treatment--an update.
Changes in lipids and lipoproteins with long-term estrogen deficiency and hormone replacement therapy.
Hypocholesterolemic effects of different bulk-forming hydrophilic fibers as adjuncts to dietary therapy in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Hemochromatosis, iron and septicemia caused by Vibrio vulnificus.
Can vitamin D deficiency produce an unusual pain syndrome?
Insulin attenuation of vasoconstrictor responses to phenylephrine in Zucker lean and obese rats.
Effects of dietary calcium on blood pressure, vascular reactivity and vascular smooth muscle calcium efflux rate in Zucker rats.
Pellagra in a patient with an eating disorder.
Retinal circulation times in diabetes mellitus type 1.
Disposition of high-dose methotrexate in an obese cancer patient.
Influence of castration, alone or combined with thymectomy, on the development of diabetes in the nonobese diabetic mouse.
Activation of the pituitary-adrenocortical axis in day-old rats by insulin-induced hypoglycemia.
Total acromionectomy. A twenty-year review.
Effect of gemfibrozil treatment in sulfonylurea-treated patients with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Hormonal responses during insulin-induced hypoglycemia in manic-depressed, unipolar depressed, and healthy control subjects.
Insulin effects on glucose and potassium metabolism in vivo: evidence for selective insulin resistance in humans.
Mechanism of insulin resistance in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a major role for reduced skeletal muscle blood flow.
Insulin resistance and hypoglycemia in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus: description of antiinsulin receptor antibodies that enhance insulin binding and inhibit insulin action.
Parapharyngeal space melioidosis in a diabetic.
Human insulin and awareness of acute hypoglycaemic symptoms in insulin-dependent diabetes.
Advanced glycosylation end products in patients with diabetic nephropathy
Pulmonary haemosiderosis associated with left atrial myxoma.
Hypoglycemias.
Idiopathic hemochromatosis.
Severity of coronary artery disease in young patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Positive and negative exercise test results with and without exercise-induced angina in patients with one healed myocardial infarction: analysis of baseline variables and long-term prognosis.
Enhancement of pulsed-dye laser ablation of arterial tissues with blood medium: effects of laser-induced shock waves.
Intracellular potassium and membrane potential in rat muscles during malnutrition and subsequent refeeding.
Energy requirements of a postobese man reporting a low energy intake at weight maintenance.
Skeletal muscle density: effects of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effects of a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet vs a diet high in monounsaturated fatty acids.
Air-exposed urine dipsticks give false-positive results for glucose and false-negative results for blood.
Oral water intoxication in infants. An American epidemic
Vasopressin levels in infants during the course of aseptic and bacterial meningitis.
Prediction of electrolyte abnormalities in elderly emergency patients.
Insulin dependent diabetes in childhood and material deprivation in northern England, 1977-86.
A clinical trial of the American Heart Association step one diet for treatment of hypercholesterolemia
Serum cholesterol: attitudes and behavior of family practice residents
Graded assessment and classification of impaired temperature sensibility in patients with diabetic polyneuropathy.
Protein deficiency suppresses bone resorption in sheep based on a short-term in vivo bone model.
Glutathione levels and related enzyme activities in vitamin B-6-deficient rats fed a high methionine and low cystine diet.
Somatostatin, gastrin-releasing peptide and gastrin in the stomach of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes and insulinoma.
Hyperlipidemia and fatty acid composition in patients treated for type IA glycogen storage disease.
The natural history of superficial femoral artery stenoses.
Vascular rehabilitation: benefits of a structured exercise/risk modification program.
Rat obesity gene fatty (fa) maps to chromosome 5: evidence for homology with the mouse gene diabetes (db).
Primary hyperparathyroidism and coexisting nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: rapid postoperative correction.
Parathyroid adenoma manifested as pancreatitis and polyuria.
Relationship of regional fat distribution and obesity to electrocardiographic parameters in healthy premenopausal women.
The diabetic foot: consequences of delayed treatment and referral.
Transfusion-related chronic liver disease in sickle cell anemia.
Increased infection rate in diabetic dialysis patients exposed to cocaine.
Independent effects of cyclosporine and prednisone on posttransplant hypercholesterolemia.
Molecular characterization of variant alpha-subunit of electron transfer flavoprotein in three patients with glutaric acidemia type II--and identification of glycine substitution for valine-157 in the sequence of the precursor, producing an unstable mature protein in a patient.
Respiration-deficient cells are caused by a single point mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA-Leu (UUR) gene in mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and strokelike episodes (MELAS).
Longer relapse-free period after sucralfate than after H2-blocker treatment of duodenal and gastric ulcers.
Full-field electroretinograms in patients with the carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome.
The place of oophorectomy at vaginal hysterectomy.
The effect of high parathyroid hormone levels on the development of aluminum-induced osteomalacia in the rat.
Hyperinsulinemia, sex, and risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease
Relation of risk factor levels in young adulthood to parental history of disease. The CARDIA study
"Near miss" death in obstructive sleep apnea: a critical care syndrome.
Liver glutathione and cytochrome P450 activity in experimental infection: study of the relative effects of infectious stress and malnutrition.
Hypertension sustains plaque progression despite reduction of hypercholesterolemia.
Captopril protects against myocardial injury induced by magnesium deficiency.
Water and electrolyte balance in the vascular space during graded exercise in humans.
Intra-islet insulin permits glucose to directly suppress pancreatic A cell function.
Altered transcriptional regulation of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase in rats following endotoxin treatment.
Chylomicron-retinyl palmitate clearance in type I hyperlipidemic families.
Hyperglycemia and neurological outcome in patients with head injury.
Estimating an individual's true cholesterol level and response to intervention
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in Romania.
Effects of exercise training on glucose control, lipid metabolism, and insulin sensitivity in hypertriglyceridemia and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Calcium oxalate microcalcifications in the breast.
Fluid collections developing after pancreatic transplantation: radiologic evaluation and intervention.
Exercise-induced muscle modifications: study of healthy subjects and patients with metabolic myopathies with MR imaging and P-31 spectroscopy.
Disodium pamidronate in the preoperative treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism.
Marine oil capsule therapy for the treatment of hyperlipidemia.
Microalbuminuria in clinical practice.
Assessment of risk of overt nephropathy in diabetic patients from albumin excretion in untimed urine specimens.
Iatrogenic renal disease.
Clinical spectrum of sulfonylurea overdose and experience with diazoxide therapy.
Gemfibrozil-induced myopathy.
Prostaglandin F2 alpha inhibits the ammoniagenic response to acute acidosis in LLC-PK1 cells.
A defect in insulin release in women at risk of future non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Vascular responsiveness and cation exchange in insulin-dependent diabetes.
Diastolic time in diabetes. Impairment of diastolic time during dynamic exercise in type 2 diabetes with retinopathy.
Reversal of protein-bound vitamin B12 malabsorption with antibiotics in atrophic gastritis.
Obesity: it's time to 'clean house'.
Renal changes associated with cyclosporine in recent type I diabetes mellitus.
Insulin resistance and hypertension.
Childhood predictors of future blood pressure.
Combined recombinant human erythropoietin-blood letting strategy for treating anemia and iron overload in hemodialysis patients.
Impaired formation of the ternary insulin-like growth factor-binding protein complex in patients with hypoglycemia due to nonislet cell tumors.
Contribution of postprandial insulin and glucose to glucose disposal in normal and insulin-resistant obese subjects.
Exaggerated early insulin release and insulin resistance in a diabetes-prone population: a metabolic comparison of Pima Indians and Caucasians.
A mutation in the tyrosine kinase domain of the insulin receptor associated with insulin resistance in an obese woman.
Liposculpture. 2: Evaluation of the patient for liposculpture.
Choice enhances performance in non-insulin dependent diabetics and controls.
Comparing clinical information with claims data: some similarities and differences
Upper-body fat distribution and endometrial cancer risk.
Characterization and control of proton-ATPase along the nephron.
Molecular biology of renal Na(+)-H+ exchangers.
Inherited protein C deficiency and nonhemorrhagic arterial stroke in young adults.
Calcifying odontogenic cyst. A review of ninety-two cases with reevaluation of their nature as cysts or neoplasms, the nature of ghost cells, and subclassification.
Peripheral (extraosseous) calcifying odontogenic cyst. A review of forty-five cases.
Peripheral odontogenic fibroma: a clinicopathologic study.
The conspiracy of culture. Women's issues in body size.
Eating disorders as a special problem for persons with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Value of dual-energy CT in differentiating focal fatty infiltration of the liver from low-density masses.
Significance of silent myocardial ischemia during exercise testing in patients with diabetes mellitus: a report from the Coronary Artery Surgery Study (CASS) Registry.
Strongly succinate dehydrogenase-reactive blood vessels in muscles from patients with mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes.
Deletion of mitochondrial DNA in patients with combined features of Kearns-Sayre and MELAS syndromes.
Effect of potassium intake on blood pressure.
Later recurrence and longer survival among obese patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Effect of obesity on the response to acute adrenocorticotropin stimulation in eumenorrheic women.
Acetazolamide in the treatment of metabolic alkalosis in critically ill patients.
Chronic hypokalemia and the left ventricular responses to epinephrine and preload.
Screening for haemochromatosis: prevalence among Danish blood donors.
Neuropathology of bovine beta-mannosidosis.
Colovesical fistula secondary to vesical gangrene in a diabetic patient.
The role of albumin in human physiology and pathophysiology, Part III: Albumin and disease states.
Impact of dietary fatty acid supplementation on renal injury in obese Zucker rats.
Disassociation between glomerular hyperfiltration and extracellular volume in diabetic rats.
Pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis post-partial ileal bypass surgery: case-control study. The POSCH Group.
Neurological and neuropathological sequelae of correction of chronic hyponatremia.
Identification and mapping to chromosome 1 of a susceptibility locus for periinsulitis in non-obese diabetic mice.
Type 1 diabetes in mice is linked to the interleukin-1 receptor and Lsh/Ity/Bcg genes on chromosome 1.
Retinoic acid affects the expression of nuclear retinoic acid receptors in tissues of retinol-deficient rats.
Magnetic-resonance imaging used for determining fat distribution in obesity and diabetes.
Taste preferences in human obesity: environmental and familial factors.
Peroxisomes and the fatty liver of malnutrition: an hypothesis.
Lipid responses of hypercholesterolemic men to oat-bran and wheat-bran intake.
Dietary risk factors associated with acute and persistent diarrhea in children in Karachi, Pakistan.
Paramyotonia congenita and hyperkalemic periodic paralysis map to the same sodium-channel gene locus.
Effects of bicarbonate supplementation on urinary mineral excretion during very low energy diets.
Multiple sclerosis associated with vitamin B12 deficiency.
CT, MRI, and autopsy findings in brain of a patient with MELAS.
Management of tracheal lesions in Hurler syndrome.
Diabetes-induced alterations in atrial natriuretic peptide gene expression in Wistar-Kyoto and spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Swallowing disorders and nutritional support.
Hemodynamic and permeability characteristics of acute experimental necrotizing enterocolitis.
Duodenal pH in cystic fibrosis and its relationship to fat malabsorption.
Acute actions of sulfonylurea drugs during long-term treatment of NIDDM.
Glomerular filtration rate in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats. Role of exchangeable sodium, vasoactive hormones, and insulin therapy.
Biogenesis of intestinal lactase-phlorizin hydrolase in adults with lactose intolerance. Evidence for reduced biosynthesis and slowed-down maturation in enterocytes.
Fibrous lesions of the gingiva: a histopathologic analysis of 204 cases.
Lipid results of partial ileal bypass in patients with heterozygous, type II-A hyperlipoproteinemia. Program on the Surgical Control of the Hyperlipidemias.
Compound heterozygote for lipoprotein lipase deficiency: Ser----Thr244 and transition in 3' splice site of intron 2 (AG----AA) in the lipoprotein lipase gene.
Complications of tissue plasminogen activator therapy after vitrectomy for diabetes.
Esophagobronchial fistula and mediastinal tuberculosis.
Valproate-induced coma with ketosis and carnitine insufficiency.
Atrial natriuretic peptide in patients with diabetes mellitus type I. Effects on systemic and renal hemodynamics and renal excretory function.
Diuretics after transurethral prostatectomy: a double-blind controlled trial comparing frusemide and mannitol.
Effect of insulin on oxidation of intracellularly and extracellularly derived glucose in patients with NIDDM. Evidence for primary defect in glucose transport and/or phosphorylation but not oxidation.
Contribution of abnormal muscle and liver glucose metabolism to postprandial hyperglycemia in NIDDM.
Wisconsin Epidemiologic Study of Diabetic Retinopathy. XII. Relationship of C-peptide and diabetic retinopathy.
Localization of rate-limiting defect for glucose disposal in skeletal muscle of insulin-resistant type I diabetic patients.
Sympathetic secretory response to hypercapnic acidosis in swine.
Fasting hyperglycemia normalizes oxidative and nonoxidative pathways of insulin-stimulated glucose metabolism in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Effect of home total parenteral nutrition on body composition in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Total peripheral parenteral nutrition in pregnancy.
Nucleic acid labeling with [3H]orotic acid and nucleotide profile in rats in protein deprivation, enteral and parenteral essential amino acid administration, and 5-fluorouracil treatment.
Use of parenteral medium-chain triglyceride emulsion for maintaining seizure control in a 5-year-old girl with intractable diarrhea.
TNF concentration in fatal cerebral, non-fatal cerebral, and uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Nutrition and immune function.
Labyrinthine ossification after meningitis: its implications for cochlear implantation.
Acid-base changes during complete brain ischemia.
Beta-galactosidase tablets in the treatment of lactose intolerance in pediatrics.
Postoperative hyperbilirubinemia after resection of thoracic esophageal cancer.
Reducing high blood cholesterol level with drugs. Cost-effectiveness of pharmacologic management
Clinical application of the metabolic cart to the delivery of total parenteral nutrition.
Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase and changes in ATP hydrolysis, monovalent cation affinity, and K+ occlusion in diabetic and galactosemic rats.
Effect of FK 506 on spontaneous diabetes in BB rats.
Effects of diabetes on cholinergic transmission in two rat gut preparations.
Is vitamin D necessary for skeletal integrity in the elderly?
Effects of hyperglycemia and mannitol infusions on renal hemodynamics in normal subjects.
Dietary protein restriction stress and adrenocortical function: evidence for transient and long-term induction of enhanced cellular function.
Hypercholesterolemia: the cost of treatment in perspective.
Desmopressin and indomethacin therapy for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in patients receiving lithium carbonate.
Hyperglycemia normalizes insulin-stimulated skeletal muscle glucose oxidation and storage in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Primary hypoadrenalism in a patient with the lupus anticoagulant.
High-attenuation mediastinal masses on unenhanced CT.
Enteral alimentation and repletion of body cell mass in malnourished patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the Diourbel, Fatick, and Kaolack regions of Senegal: feasibility of the method of impression cytology with transfer.
Prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the Diourbel, Fatick, and Kaolack regions of Senegal: epidemiological study.
Prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the Diourbel, Fatick, and Kaolack regions of Senegal: a controlled study.
Health and nutritional status of Liberian refugee children--Guinea, 1990.
A difference in mortality between two strains of jaundiced rats.
A frameshift mutation in the human apolipoprotein A-I gene causes high density lipoprotein deficiency, partial lecithin: cholesterol-acyltransferase deficiency, and corneal opacities.
Ineffectiveness of parenteral fluoxetine or RU-486 to alter long-term food intake, body weight or body composition of genetically obese mice.
Automatic end-expiratory air sampling device for breath hydrogen test in infants.
Brain magnetic resonance imaging with contrast dependent on blood oxygenation.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia in diabetic ketosis.
Pravastatin vs gemfibrozil in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia. The Italian Multicenter Pravastatin Study I.
A direct effect of hyperinsulinemia on serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels in obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome.
Familial combined hyperlipidaemia linked to the apolipoprotein AI-CII-AIV gene cluster on chromosome 11q23-q24.
Abnormalities of the breast caused by biopsy: spectrum of mammographic findings.
Calcification of the ligamentum arteriosum in children: a normal finding on CT.
Increased serum osteocalcin levels in patients with lactase deficiency.
Low angiotensinogen levels are related to the severity and liver dysfunction of congestive heart failure: implications for renin measurements.
Impetigo herpetiformis associated with hypocalcemia of congenital rickets.
Elevated plasma atrial natriuretic peptide level in the early phase of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Metabolic effects of isradipine versus hydrochlorothiazide in diabetes mellitus [published erratum appears in Hypertension 1991 May;17(5):722]
Genetic analysis of diabetes in the nonobese diabetic mouse. I. MHC and T cell receptor beta gene expression.
Detection of isopropanol in acetonemic patients not exposed to isopropanol.
Effect of dietary protein restriction on renal purines and purine-metabolizing enzymes in adriamycin nephrosis in rats: a mechanism for protection against acute proteinuria involving xanthine oxidase inhibition.
A case of mitochondrial myopathy, lactic acidosis and complex I deficiency.
Use of internal validity in the construct of an index of undernutrition.
The role of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the destruction of islet grafts by spontaneously diabetic mice.
Interrelationship between protein-energy malnutrition and essential fatty acid deficiency in nursing infants.
Reversible impairment of myocardial contractility due to hypercarbic acidosis in the isolated perfused rat heart.
FK 506 prevents spontaneous diabetes in the BB rat.
Metabolic control in diabetic subjects in three Swedish areas with high, medium, and low sales of antidiabetic drugs.
Effect of diabetes and aging on carboxymethyllysine levels in human urine.
Multiple defects in muscle glycogen synthase activity contribute to reduced glycogen synthesis in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Increased apo A-I and apo A-II fractional catabolic rate in patients with low high density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels with or without hypertriglyceridemia.
Essential role for interferon-gamma and interleukin-6 in autoimmune insulin-dependent diabetes in NOD/Wehi mice.
Actual or ideal body weight: which should be used to predict energy expenditure?
Impaired macrophage function in severe protein-energy malnutrition.
Increased intestinal permeability in endotoxic pigs. Mesenteric hypoperfusion as an etiologic factor.
Coincidental hemochromatosis and viral hepatitis.
Responsiveness to phenobarbital in an adult with Crigler-Najjar disease associated with neurological involvement and skin hyperextensibility.
Cost-effectiveness of HMG-CoA reductase inhibition for primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease.
Gene for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (maturity-onset diabetes of the young subtype) is linked to DNA polymorphism on human chromosome 20q.
Mortality, cardiovascular risk factors, and diet in China, Finland, and the United States.
Dental findings in mucopolysaccharidosis type IV A (Morquio's disease type A).
Protein status and metabolic expenditure determine the response to intravenous nutrition--a new classification of surgical malnutrition.
Hypoxemic stimulation of heart glycogen synthase and synthesis. Effects of insulin and diabetes mellitus.
High density lipoprotein turnover in patients with hypertension.
Effects of maternal diabetes on fetal rat lung ion transport. Contribution of alveolar and bronchiolar epithelial cells to Na+,K(+)-ATPase expression.
Role of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) and NaK ATPase in the inhibition of proximal tubule transport with intracellular cystine loading.
Protein-energy undernutrition and the risk of mortality within 1 y of hospital discharge in a select population of geriatric rehabilitation patients.
Tumor cytokinetic response to total parenteral nutrition in patients with head and neck cancers.
Treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy with intravenous etidronate. A controlled, multicenter study. The Hypercalcemia Study Group
The role of glycosylation in the biosynthesis and acquisition of ligand-binding activity of the folate-binding protein in cultured KB cells.
Pretranslational regulation of albumin synthesis in tumor-bearing mice. The role of anorexia and undernutrition.
Principles for effective surveys of hunger and malnutrition in the United States.
Outbreak of pellagra among Mozambican refugees--Malawi, 1990.
Nutritional assessment of children in drought-affected areas--Haiti, 1990.
Severe lactic acidosis related to acute thiamine deficiency.
Comparison of acute and chronic protein-energy malnutrition on host antitumor immune mechanisms.
Risks and benefits of home parenteral nutrition in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Malnutrition in patients with AIDS.
Overzealous resuscitation of an extremely malnourished patient with nutritional cardiomyopathy.
Obesity and weight loss alter serum polyunsaturated lipids in humans.
Nutritional assessment of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients: an international study.
Na,K-ATPase in isolated nephron segments in rats with experimental heart failure.
T-lymphocyte requirement for diabetes in RT6-depleted diabetes-resistant BB rats.
Altered thymic and peripheral T-lymphocyte repertoire preceding onset of diabetes in NOD mice.
Vanadate normalizes hyperglycemia in two mouse models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Defenses against oxidation in human erythrocytes: role of glutathione reductase in the activation of glucose decarboxylation by hemolytic drugs.
Eicosapentanoic acid suppresses intimal hyperplasia after expanded polytetrafluoroethylene grafting in rabbits fed a high cholesterol diet.
An economic evaluation of lovastatin for cholesterol lowering and coronary artery disease reduction.
Effectiveness of glibenclamide on myocardial ischemic ventricular arrhythmias in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Inhibition of mineralization of glutaraldehyde-pretreated bovine pericardium by AlCl3. Mechanisms and comparisons with FeCl3, LaCl3, and Ga(NO3)3 in rat subdermal model studies.
Megaduodenum due to hollow visceral myopathy successfully managed by duodenoplasty and feeding jejunostomy.
Evidence for impaired coupling of receptors to Gi protein in adipocytes from streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Low molecular weight heparin (enoxaparin) reduces restenosis after iliac angioplasty in the hypercholesterolemic rabbit.
Alcohol exposure and undernutrition: effects on lipid metabolism and alcohol partitioning in rat brain regions in vitro.
Acid-base derangements during sorbent regenerative hemodialysis in mechanically ventilated patients.
The influence of zinc status and malnutrition on immunological function in Crohn's disease.
Study of parameters involved in specific immunoadsorption of apolipoprotein B.
Chronic respiratory alkalosis. The effect of sustained hyperventilation on renal regulation of acid-base equilibrium.
Using linked program and birth records to evaluate coverage and targeting in Tennessee's WIC program.
Dietary treatment for familial hypercholesterolemia--differential effects of dietary soy protein according to the apolipoprotein E phenotypes.
Depression of thymus-dependent immunity in wasting protein-energy malnutrition does not depend on an altered ratio of helper (CD4+) to suppressor (CD8+) T cells or on a disproportionately large atrophy of the T-cell relative to the B-cell pool.
Hypophosphatemic osteomalacia in von Recklinghausen neurofibromatosis.
Reduction of glomerular hyperfiltration in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients by 6 mo of aldose reductase inhibition.
Normalization of Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase activity in isolated membrane fraction from sciatic nerves of streptozocin-induced diabetic rats by dietary myo-inositol supplementation in vivo or protein kinase C agonists in vitro.
Effects of sorbinil, dietary myo-inositol supplementation, and insulin on resolution of neuroaxonal dystrophy in mesenteric nerves of streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Exclusive expression of MHC class II proteins on CD45+ cells in pancreatic islets of NOD mice.
The role of the cholinergic pathway in growth hormone feedback.
Laboratory measurements of nutritional status as correlates of atrophic glossitis.
Effects of insulin on blood, plasma, and brain glucose in hyperglycemic diabetic rats.
Altered effect of arachidonic acid on inner ear blood flow in rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
Hypo-fibrinolysis in patients with hypertension and elevated cholesterol.
Organ-specific cardiac antibodies: serological markers for systemic hypertension in autoimmune polyendocrinopathy.
Suprasellar and intraventricular blood predict elevated plasma atrial natriuretic factor in subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Overview of biochemical markers used for nutrition support.
Chronic calcific pancreatitis in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
Mitochondrial encephalopathies: molecular genetic diagnosis from blood samples.
Effects of acute insulin-induced hypoglycaemia on haemostasis, fibrinolysis and haemorheology in insulin-dependent diabetic patients and control subjects.
The inhibition of metabolic oxalate production by sulfhydryl compounds.
Quantitation of energy expenditure by infrared thermography.
Clinical features and circulating gonadotropin, insulin, and androgen interactions in women with polycystic ovarian disease.
Amelioration of nerve Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase activity independently of myo-inositol level by PGE1 analogue OP-1206.alpha-CD in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Uncoupling of attenuated myo-[3H]inositol uptake and dysfunction in Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase pumping activity in hypergalactosemic cultured bovine lens epithelial cells.
Decrease in skin collagen glycation with improved glycemic control in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Etidronate for hypercalcemia of malignancy and osteoporosis.
Costs and health consequences of cholesterol screening for asymptomatic older Americans.
Increased calcium influx in caudal artery of rats made hypertensive with pyridoxine deficiency.
Cost effectiveness of incremental programmes for lowering serum cholesterol concentration: is individual intervention worth while?
Course of brittle diabetes: 12 year follow up.
Past, present, and future of nutritional support.
Nutritional assessment and indications for nutritional support.
Amino acids in surgical nutrition. Principles and practice.
Total parenteral nutrition in the pediatric patient.
Perioperative nutritional support.
Nutritional consequences of major gastrointestinal surgery. Patient outcome and starvation.
Nutritional support of patients with cancer of the gastrointestinal tract.
Nutritional support in liver failure.
Nutritional management of acute and chronic pancreatitis.
Nutritional support in renal failure.
Nutritional management of inflammatory bowel disease.
Nutritional support of patients with AIDS.
Enteral hyperalimentation with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion improved severe diarrhea in poorly controlled diabetic patient.
Dry beriberi: unusual complication of prolonged parenteral nutrition.
Crossover comparison of maximum dose glyburide and glipizide.
The function but not the expression of rat liver inhibitory guanine nucleotide binding protein is altered in streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
Milk-induced malabsorption in malnourished African patients.
Effect of aldose reductase inhibition on resistance to ischemic conduction block in diabetic subjects.
On the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy. A 1990 update.
Congestive heart failure in diabetes with hypertension may be due to uncoupling of the atrial natriuretic peptide receptor-effector system in the kidney basolateral membrane.
Noninfectious colitis associated with short gut syndrome in infants.
Roles of deoxycholate and arachidonate in pathogenesis of cholesterol gallstones in obese patients during rapid loss of weight.
Effect of a bulk-forming cathartic on diarrhea in tube-fed patients.
A randomized double-blind study of gallium nitrate compared with etidronate for acute control of cancer-related hypercalcemia.
Nutrition: its relationship to orthopedic infections.
Immunosuppressive mechanisms in protein-calorie malnutrition.
Role of glycation in modification of lens crystallins in diabetic and nondiabetic senile cataracts.
Inhibition of diabetes-associated complications by nucleophilic compounds.
von Willebrand factor and development of diabetic nephropathy in IDDM.
Magnesium deficiency affects plasma lipoprotein composition in rats.
Nutritional effects on response of children in developing countries to respiratory tract pathogens: implications for vaccine development.
Hurler syndrome with special reference to histologic abnormalities of the growth plate.
Studies of concanavalin A in nonobese diabetic mice. I. Prevention of insulin-dependent diabetes.
Energy expenditure and substrate utilization in the course of renutrition of malnourished children.
Nutrition and alcoholic liver disease.
Biocompatibility of aldehyde-fixed bovine pericardium. An in vitro and in vivo approach toward improvement of bioprosthetic heart valves.
Plasma concentrations of calcitonin gene-related peptide in fluid overload.
Hunter disease (mucopolysaccharidosis type II) associated with unbalanced inactivation of the X chromosomes in a karyotypically normal girl.
Abnormal regulation of IFN-gamma secretion in vitamin A deficiency.
Unsuspected osteomyelitis in diabetic foot ulcers. Diagnosis and monitoring by leukocyte scanning with indium in 111 oxyquinoline.
Catabolic illness. Strategies for enhancing recovery.
Effects of sulfonylureas on adipocyte and skeletal muscle insulin action in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Increased fibrinolytic potential induced by gliclazide in types I and II diabetic patients.
Regulation of rat hypothalamic preprogrowth hormone-releasing factor messenger ribonucleic acid by dietary protein.
Nutrition and health services needs among the homeless.
Duration of etidronate effect demonstrated by serial bone scintigraphy.
Malnutrition induces an increase in intermediate filament protein content of rat cerebral cortex.
Enhancement of primary systemic acquired immunity by exogenous triiodothyronine in wasted, protein-energy malnourished weanling mice.
Interaction between T cell receptor beta chain and immunoglobulin heavy chain region genes in susceptibility to insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Ventilatory compensation for lactacidosis in ponies: role of carotid chemoreceptors and lung afferents.
Differential effects of insulin deficiency on albumin and fibrinogen synthesis in humans.
Recurrent hypoglycemia secondary to drug-dispensing error.
Arteriopathy and coarctation of the abdominal aorta in children with mucopolysaccharidosis: imaging findings.
Screening recommendations for gestational diabetes mellitus.
The odontoid process in Morquio-Brailsford's disease. The effects of occipitocervical fusion.
Prevalence of HIV-1 infection and symptomatology of AIDS in severely malnourished children in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania.
A prospective study of outcome from protein-energy malnutrition in nursing home residents.
Continuous infusion of insulin in hyperglycemic low-birth weight infants receiving parenteral nutrition with and without lipid emulsion.
Tunneled central venous catheter sepsis: risk factors in a pediatric hospital.
Lipid-lowering diets in patients taking pravastatin, a new HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor: compliance and adequacy.
