Selective uptake of glutamine in the gastrointestinal tract: confirmation in a human study.
Spinal epidural hematoma causing cord compression after tissue plasminogen activator and heparin therapy.
Resistance of Staphylococcus aureus recovered from infected foreign body in vivo to killing by antimicrobials.
Bladder instillations of trisdine compared with catheter introducer for reduction of bacteriuria during intermittent catheterisation of patients with acute spinal cord trauma.
Improvement by acetylcysteine of hemodynamics and oxygen transport in fulminant hepatic failure.
Leucine dose response in the reduction of urea production from septic proteolysis and in the stimulation of acute-phase proteins.
Prolonged hypofibrinogenemia and protein C activation after envenoming by Echis carinatus sochureki.
Emergency intubation for paralysis of the uncooperative trauma patient.
Dose-response studies with thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in abstinent male alcoholics: evidence for selective thyrotroph dysfunction?
A one-year prospective ED cohort of pediatric burns: a proposal for standardizing scald burns.
Nutritional support in the injured patient.
Nutrition and metabolism in sepsis and multisystem organ failure.
Hepatotoxicity of rifampin and isoniazid. Is it all drug-induced hepatitis?
Evaluation of a synthetic wound dressing capable of releasing silver sulfadiazine.
Bacterial virulence and host selection: bacteria "select" patients to infect.
Immunohistochemical localization of tissue-type plasminogen activator in the lining wall of chronic subdural hematoma.
Heterotopic ossification and peripheral nerve entrapment: early diagnosis and excision.
Frequent injecting impairs lymphocyte reactivity in HIV-positive and HIV-negative drug users.
Gastrostomy tube transmigration: a rare cause of small bowel obstruction.
Demonstration of transient bacterobilia by foreign body implantation in feline biliary tract.
Hemodynamic and metabolic effects of aortic unclamping following emergency surgery for traumatic thoracic aortic tear in shunted and unshunted patients.
Structural measures as predictors of injury basketball players.
Need for the lead mobilization test in children with lead poisoning.
Treatment of compound fractures.
Nutritional influence on the plasma and urine-free alkaline ribonuclease levels in severe trauma victims.
Obligatory negative nitrogen balance following spinal cord injury.
Injuries among young soccer players.
Syndesmotic ankle sprains.
Complications following external beam radiation therapy for prostate cancer: an analysis of patients treated with and without staging pelvic lymphadenectomy.
Accidental astemizole overdose in young children.
Trauma to elbows, knees, and ankles.
The feasibility of collecting drug abuse data by telephone.
Childhood injury prevention in a suburban Massachusetts population.
Quantifying the disease impact of alcohol with ARDI software.
Followup study of possible HIV seropositivity among abusers of parenteral drugs in 1971-72.
Designing an AIDS information campaign to reach intravenous drug users and sex partners.
The cost of medical care for injuries to children.
Radiotherapy of advanced laryngeal cancer using three small fractions daily.
Epidemiology of hepatitis C virus infection in a suburban Detroit community.
Detection of hepatitis C viral RNA in serum of a patient with acute non A, non B hepatitis.
Fatty acids in human platelets and plasma. Fish oils decrease sensitivity toward N2 microbubbles.
Very severe self-poisoning lithium carbonate intoxication causing a myocardial infarction.
Hepatitis C virus antibodies in acute icteric and chronic non-A, non-B hepatitis.
Indications for radiography in patients with acute ankle injuries: role of the physical examination.
Occult surgical glove perforations in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
The odontoid process in Morquio-Brailsford's disease. The effects of occipitocervical fusion.
Risk factors for Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever in rural northern Senegal.
Four years of North American registry home parenteral nutrition outcome data and their implications for patient management.
Effect of total parenteral nutrition with xylitol on protein and energy metabolism in thermally injured rats.
A comprehensive local program for the prevention of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Availability and use of hepatitis B vaccine in laboratory and nursing schools in the United States.
Factor XIII deficiency and intracranial hemorrhages in infancy.
An unusual case of acquired localized argyria.
Ritual circumcision (Umkhwetha) amongst the Xhosa of the Ciskei.
Is corneal deposition of antimalarial any indication of retinal toxicity?
Physicians' perception of personal risk of HIV infection and AIDS through occupational exposure.
Treatment of patients with isolated axillary nodal metastases from an occult primary carcinoma consistent with breast origin.
Sacral plexus injury after radiotherapy for carcinoma of cervix.
Fractured and retained guide-wire fragment during coronary angioplasty--unforeseen late sequelae.
Left ventricular rupture complicating percutaneous mitral commissurotomy: salvage using percutaneous cardiopulmonary bypass support.
Five-year postoperative results of cemented femoral arthroplasty in patients with systemic bone disease.
Trochanteric fractures. Influence of reduction and implant position on impaction and complications.
Subtrochanteric fractures. A retrospective analysis.
Paradoxes in the history of the anterior cruciate ligament.
The outcome of nonoperatively treated complete tears of the anterior cruciate ligament in active young adults.
Isolated avulsion of the biceps femoris insertion. A case report.
Factors influencing the results of open reduction and internal fixation of tibial plateau fractures.
A ten-year review of treatment of delayed union and nonunion with an implanted bone growth stimulator.
Results of treatment of tibial and femoral osteomyelitis in adults.
Toxic psychosis due to chloroquine--not uncommon in children.
Contact sensitization by pesticides in farmers.
Critical care for clonidine poisoning in toddlers.
Bronchial blood flow reduction with positive end-expiratory pressure after acute lung injury in sheep.
Aspiration and the elderly.
Pulmonary functional impairment associated with pleural asbestos disease. Circumscribed and diffuse thickening.
Foreign body removal through an appendicostomy.
Occupational distribution of inflammatory bowel disease among German employees.
Total hip arthroplasty after fracture of the acetabulum. Long-term results.
Secondary total hip replacement after fractures of the femoral neck.
The Hastings bipolar hemiarthroplasty for subcapital fractures of the femoral neck. A 10-year prospective study.
The AO dynamic hip screw and the Pugh sliding nail in femoral head fixation.
Femoral neck fracture fixation. Comparison of a sliding screw with lag screws.
External fixation for type III open tibial fractures.
Locked intramedullary nailing for displaced tibial shaft fractures [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Br] 1991 Jan;73(1):181]
Reduction of post-traumatic swelling and compartment pressure by impulse compression of the foot.
The osteogenetic potential of fracture haematoma. Subperiosteal and intramuscular transplantation of the haematoma.
Corticocancellous grafting and an AO/ASIF lag screw for nonunion of the scaphoid. A retrospective analysis.
Transient cyst-like cortical defects following fractures in children. Medullary fat within the subperiosteal haematoma.
Extensor indicis proprius transfer for rupture of the extensor pollicis longus tendon.
Long-term prognosis of soft-tissue injuries of the neck.
Plastic bullet arterial embolization following gunshot injury to the heart. Case report and review of the literature.
Blunt traumatic pericardial rupture. A ten-year experience 1979 to 1989.
The many faces and phases of borreliosis. I. Lyme disease [published erratum appears in J Am Acad Dermatol 1991 Apr;24(4):663]
Chilblains (perniosis).
Incidence of lingual nerve trauma and postinjection complications in conventional mandibular block anesthesia.
Alternation of gastric mucosal glycoprotein (lectin-binding pattern) in gastric mucosa in stress. A light and electron microscopic study.
Role of oxygen-derived free radicals in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal lesions in rats.
An aid to the management of pediatric trauma in peripheral centers--a proposal for a pediatric trauma board.
Scroto-abdominal impalement injury in a skateboard rider.
Pneumatic firearm injuries: trivial trauma or perilous pitfalls?
A case of unexpected pasteurella multocida bacteremia.
Treatment of phenobarbital poisoning with multiple dose activated charcoal in an infant.
Tricyclic antidepressant overdose: conservative management in a community hospital with cost-saving implications.
Effects of 4-methylpyrazole, methanol/ethylene glycol antidote, in healthy humans.
The normal mediastinum in blunt traumatic rupture of the thoracic aorta and brachiocephalic arteries.
Recruitment of mononuclear cells by endothelial cell binding into wounded skin is a selective, time-dependent process with defined molecular interactions.
Low plasma iron status and akathisia.
Extradural implantation of sacral anterior root stimulators.
The treatment of Gilles de la Tourette syndrome by limbic leucotomy.
Bone marrow transplantation for myelodysplasia and secondary acute nonlymphoblastic leukemia.
Adaptive and remodeling changes in the fractured mandibular condyle after open reduction using the Kirschner pin.
Morbidity associated with incompletely erupted third molars in the line of mandibular fractures.
Factors associated with soft- and hard-tissue compromise of endosseous implants.
Comparison of functional recovery after nonsurgical and surgical treatment of condylar fractures.
Neonatal body proportionality and body composition after in utero exposure to cocaine and marijuana.
Monte Carlo simulation of HIV infection in an intravenous drug user community.
Effects of long-term administration of haloperidol on electrophysiologic properties of rat mesencephalic neurons.
Prevalence of tendinitis and related disorders of the upper extremity in a manufacturing workforce.
Progress in characterizing anatomic injury.
Injured drivers and alcohol use: culpability, convictions, and pre- and post-crash driving history.
The effect of prehospital fluids on survival in trauma patients.
The prophylactic use of antibiotic impregnated beads in open fractures.
Blunt trauma in adults and children: a comparative analysis.
Alcohol intoxication, injuries, and dangerous behaviors--and the revolving emergency department door.
Oxygen delivery and consumption in head-injured and multiple trauma patients.
Skeletal transfixation in treatment of comminuted fractures of the distal end of the radius in the elderly.
Serum phospholipase A2 in patients with multiple injuries.
A reassessment of the peritoneal lavage leukocyte count in blunt abdominal trauma.
Analysis of 46 intra-abdominal aortic injuries from blunt trauma: case reports and literature review.
Reduced dependency on arteriography for penetrating extremity trauma: influence of wound location and noninvasive vascular studies.
The impact of volume on outcome in seriously injured trauma patients: two years' experience of the Chicago Trauma System.
Acute hospital costs of trauma in the United States: implications for regionalized systems of care.
Geographic patterns of urban trauma according to mechanism and severity of injury.
The lap belt complex: intestinal and lumbar spine injury in children.
The role of antibiotic therapy in the prevention of empyema in patients with an isolated chest injury (ISS 9-10): a prospective study.
Management of complex perineal soft-tissue injuries.
Intra-abdominal and retroperitoneal organ injuries diagnosed on dynamic computed tomograms obtained for assessment of renal trauma.
Traumatic rupture of the aorta--critical decisions for trauma surgeons.
An effective treatment protocol for intraarterial drug injection.
Changes in quality of care for five diseases measured by implicit review, 1981 to 1986
Prospective payment system and impairment at discharge. The 'quicker-and-sicker' story revisited
Rehabilitative techniques for athletes after reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament [published erratum appears in Mayo Clin Proc 1991 Jan;66(1):114]
Preliminary report: complement activation in wasp-sting anaphylaxis.
Specialist versus general practitioner treatment of problem drinkers
Managing segmental facial nerve injuries by surgical repair.
Vaginal birth after cesarean delivery: results of a 5-year multicenter collaborative study.
Rectovulvar fistula in a child secondary to an unusual foreign body.
Combined vesicovaginal-ureterovaginal fistulas associated with a vaginal foreign body.
Infant survival following delayed postmortem cesarean delivery.
A histologic evaluation of the accuracy of TMJ diagnostic arthroscopy.
A unique indexing splint for use in combined Le Fort and nasal injuries to avoid tracheostomy.
Patient compliance--a factor in facial trauma repair.
Tibial defects. Reconstruction using the method of Ilizarov as an alternative.
Tibial nonunions. Treatment tactics with the Ilizarov method.
The use of the Ilizarov concept with the AO/ASIF tubular fixateur in the treatment of segmental defects.
Treatment of malunions and mal-nonunions of the femur and tibia by detailed preoperative planning and the Ilizarov techniques.
Preoperative planning for the treatment of nonunions and the correction of malunions of the long bones.
Treatment of tibial malunions and nonunions with reamed intramedullary nails.
The treatment of nonunions and pseudarthroses of the humeral shaft.
Intraarticular malunions and nonunions.
Pauwels osteotomy for nonunions of the femoral neck.
Diagnosis and treatment of nonunions and malunions of acetabular fractures.
Heat illness. Fluid and electrolyte issues for pediatric and adolescent athletes.
A review of the use of prophylactic knee braces in football.
Strength training in children and adolescents.
Substance abuse education in pediatrics.
Predictive value of visible lesions (cheeks, lips, oropharynx) in suspected caustic ingestion: may endoscopy reasonably be omitted in completely negative pediatric patients?
Emergency intraosseous infusion in severely burned children.
Avulsion of the rectus femoris tendon: an unusual type of pelvic fracture.
Outpatient management of burns in children.
Chest pain in teenagers. When is it significant?
Initial management of trauma. The first 5 minutes.
Initial management of trauma. The next 60 minutes.
Long-term survival after chest-wall reconstruction with musculocutaneous flaps.
Recurrent anterior dislocation of the ulnar nerve at the cubital tunnel.
A trilaminar skin coverage technique for treatment of severe degloving injuries of the extremities and torso.
Vertebral hemangiomas: fat content as a sign of aggressiveness.
Assessing the risk of occupational acquisition of the human immunodeficiency virus: implications for hospital policy.
Medicinal leeches: once again at the forefront of medicine.
Hematoma of the optic nerve sheath after penetrating trauma.
Histopathologic correlation of magnetic resonance imaging signal patterns in a spinal cord injury model.
Orthotic stabilization of thoracolumbar injuries. A biomechanical analysis of the Jewett hyperextension orthosis.
Herniated intervertebral discs associated with unstable spinal injuries.
Evaluation of surgical treatment for burst fractures.
Metabolic bone disease in lumbar pseudarthrosis.
Management of the pregnant patient with carcinoma of the breast.
Value of magnetic resonance imaging in spontaneous extradural spinal hematoma due to vascular malformation: case report.
Early tracheostomy for primary airway management in the surgical critical care setting.
Combined orthopedic and vascular injury in the lower extremities: indications for amputation.
Inadequate granulopoiesis after major torso trauma: a hematopoietic regulatory paradox.
Subxiphoid pericardiotomy versus echocardiography: a prospective evaluation of the diagnosis of occult penetrating cardiac injury.
Effort rupture of the diaphragm.
Age-related spontaneous intracerebral hematoma in a German community.
Evidence for platelet-activating factor as a novel mediator in experimental stroke in rabbits.
Management of penile gunshot wounds.
Single polypoid cystitis cystica and glandularis presenting as benign bladder tumor.
Alcohol and trauma. An endemic syndrome.
Stress and hypertension
Puffer fish poisoning.
Residual atrial septal perforation after percutaneous transvenous mitral commissurotomy with Inoue balloon catheter.
Wounding effects of the AK-47 rifle used by Patrick Purdy in the Stockton, California, schoolyard shooting of January 17, 1989.
Identification of the driver in two-rider motorcycle accidents. Inguinal contusion-laceration as an indication of the driver.
Atlanto-occipital disarticulation. Accident characteristics.
Fatal big cat attacks.
Carbon monoxide poisoning. Five-years' experience in a defined population.
Arsenic poisoning: acute or chronic? Suicide or murder?
Brake mechanics, asbestos, and disease risk.
Accidental death from a black-powder rifle breech plug.
Path of bullet and injuries determined by radiography.
Identification of the driver in an automobile collision.
Fatal high cervical spinal cord injury in an automobile accident complicating os odontoideum.
Sudden death due to delayed rupture of hepatic subcapsular hematoma following blunt abdominal trauma.
Evidence of subclinical blastomycosis in forestry workers in northern Minnesota and northern Wisconsin.
Intrapartum uterine rupture and inflammatory bowel disease.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Successful treatment of recurrent corneal erosion with Nd:YAG anterior stromal puncture
Penetrating keratoplasty after ocular trauma.
The natural history of alcohol abuse: implications for definitions of alcohol use disorders
Long-term effects of radiotherapy in childhood and adolescence.
Mandibular reconstruction with composite microvascular tissue transfer.
Reconstruction of mandibular defects in irradiated patients.
Plasma noradrenaline, platelet alpha 2-adrenoceptors, and functional scores during ethanol withdrawal.
Application of the Tridimensional Personality Questionnaire to a population of alcoholics and other substance abusers.
Brain and liver dolichol in chronic alcoholism: a necropsy study.
Murine model of ethanol-induced immunosuppression.
Deranged vitamin D metabolism but normal bone mineral density in Finnish noncirrhotic male alcoholics.
The detection of alcoholism in hospitalized schizophrenics: a comparison of the MAST and the MAC.
Esophageal motor disorder in alcoholics: result of alcoholism or withdrawal?
Alcohol protects the diaphragm during dietary restriction.
Late versus early onset problem drinking in older men.
Inpatient treatment of employed alcoholics: a randomized clinical trial on Hazelden-type and traditional treatment.
Ethanol-inducible cytochrome P-450: assessment of substrates' specific chemical probes in rat liver microsomes.
Effects of alcohol on the import of aldehyde dehydrogenase precursor into rat liver mitochondria.
Alterations in splanchnic blood flow following chronic ethanol exposure.
Examination of Cloninger's type I and type II alcoholism with a sample of men alcoholics in treatment.
Relationship between anesthetic procedure and contact of anesthesia personnel with patient body fluids.
Separation of a ruptured angioplasty balloon with successful percutaneous retrieval--a case report.
Arterial revascularization by laser angioplasty: first Italian experiences.
Bakers' asthma: prevalence and evaluation of immunotherapy with a wheat flour extract.
Treatment of moderate-to-severe hypothermia in an urban setting.
Interaction between whole-bowel irrigation solution and activated charcoal: implications for the treatment of toxic ingestions.
Clinical evaluation of an acetaminophen meter for the rapid diagnosis of acetaminophen intoxication.
Predicting the severity of cocaine-associated rhabdomyolysis.
Whole-bowel irrigation as treatment for zinc sulfate overdose.
Methylene iodide poisoning.
Castor bean intoxication.
The relationship between respiratory impairment and asbestos-related pleural abnormality in an active work force
Asbestos content of lung tissue, lymph nodes, and pleural plaques from former shipyard workers.
Comparison of ulcer surgery at a Veterans Administration and University Hospital.
Penetrating injuries of the abdominal aorta.
Treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis with high doses of synthetic calcitriol. A randomized controlled study
The process of microbial translocation.
Selective monitoring of patients with suspected blunt cardiac injury.
Tracheal and main bronchial disruptions after blunt chest trauma: presentation and management
Pharyngoesophageal perforation after blunt neck trauma.
The influence of age vs peak serum concentration on life-threatening events after chronic theophylline intoxication.
Acute lead poisoning in nursing home and psychiatric patients from the ingestion of lead-based ceramic glazes.
Mortality following hip fracture before and after implementation of the prospective payment system.
Long-term therapeutic use of benzodiazepines. I. Effects of abrupt discontinuation [published erratum appears in Arch Gen Psychiatry 1991 Jan;48(1):51]
Long-term therapeutic use of benzodiazepines. II. Effects of gradual taper.
Pulmonary arteriolar muscularization in coal workers' pneumoconiosis and its correlation with right ventricular hypertrophy.
Physiologic responses to prolonged electrically stimulated leg-cycle exercise in the spinal cord injured.
Is arterial proximity a valid indication for arteriography in penetrating extremity trauma? A prospective analysis.
Analysis of potential risks associated with 7.5% sodium chloride resuscitation of traumatic shock [published erratum appears in Arch Surg 1991 Jan;126(1):43]
Blunt intestinal injury. Keys to diagnosis and management.
Popliteal vascular trauma. A community experience.
Endocrine consequences of alcohol abuse.
Alcohol and bone disease.
Laboratory tests in the follow-up of treated alcoholics: how often should testing be repeated?
Serum and urinary beta-hexosaminidase as markers of heavy drinking.
Estimation of the amount of alcohol ingested from a single blood alcohol concentration.
Ethanol-inducible cytochrome P-450 activity and increase in acetaldehyde bound to microsomes after chronic administration of acetaldehyde or ethanol.
Experimental alcoholic skeletal muscle myopathy is characterised by a rapid and sustained decrease in muscle RNA content.
Alcohol use and depressive symptoms among Mexican Americans and non-Hispanic Whites.
Prospective evaluation of gastric emptying in the self-poisoned patient.
Controlling for the severity of injuries in emergency medicine research.
Whole bowel irrigation and the cocaine body-packer: a new approach to a common problem.
The spectrum of emergency care of agricultural trauma in central Wisconsin.
Methylene chloride: report of five exposures and two deaths.
Near fatal subacute thallium poisoning necessitating prolonged mechanical ventilation.
The influence of prophylactic orthoses on abdominal strength and low back injury in the workplace
The supraspinal anxiolytic effect of baclofen for spasticity reduction.
Prediction of hip fracture in elderly women: a prospective study
Bone mineral loss in young women with amenorrhoea.
The sulphated glycosaminoglycan levels in synovial fluid aspirates in patients with acute and chronic joint disease.
Lesions of the mid-shaft of the humerus presenting as shoulder capsulitis.
Ureteric substitution with Boari bladder flap.
Experimental study of starch-induced intraperitoneal adhesions
Stress in surgeons.
The physician's role.
The role of medical schools in the prevention of alcohol-related problems.
Spectrum of drinkers and intervention opportunities.
Early identification of alcohol problems.
Brief intervention strategies for harmful drinkers: new directions for medical education.
Preventing alcohol problems: survey of Canadian medical schools.
The development of medical education on alcohol- and drug-related problems at the University of Toronto.
Medical education for alcohol and other drug abuse in the United States.
Risk of occupational exposure to Herpesvirus simiae (B virus) in Quebec.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma developing in bone 44 years after shrapnel trauma.
Unusual case of pacemaker lead migration.
Continuous suprascapular nerve block for analgesia of scapular fracture.
Post-traumatic acute renal failure, 1956-1988.
Uterine rupture.
Treatment of juxtaarticular nonunion fractures at the knee with long-stem total knee arthroplasty.
Magnetic resonance imaging and computer tomography of acute spinal cord trauma.
HTLV-I viral-associated myelopathy after blood transfusion in a multiple trauma patient.
Anterior acromioplasty for treatment of the shoulder impingement syndrome.
The latissimus dorsi musculocutaneous flap for extremity reconstruction in orthopedic surgery.
Humeral head retroversion in patients with unstable humeroscapular joints.
Treatment of manifest and impending pathologic fractures of the femoral neck by cemented hemiarthroplasty.
Femoral neck fractures in patients receiving long-term dialysis.
Trochanteric fractures. Mobility, complications, and mortality in 607 cases treated with the sliding-screw technique.
Long-term morphology of spastic or flaccid muscles in spinal cord-transected rabbits.
Hypophosphatemia--incidence, etiology, and prevention in the trauma patient.
Rounded atelectasis complicated by obstructive pneumonia and pulmonary arterial thrombosis [published erratum appears in Chest 1991 Jun;99(6):1556]
Septic pulmonary emboli. A rare cause of bilateral pneumothorax in drug abusers.
Retroperitoneal air after routine hemorrhoidectomy. Report of a case.
Small bowel phytobezoar mimicking presentation of Crohn's disease.
Acute intoxication.
Alcoholic ketoacidosis.
Electrolyte abnormalities in the alcoholic patient.
Cardiac disease in the alcoholic patient.
Infections in alcoholic patients.
Alcohol withdrawal syndromes.
Seizures in the alcoholic patient.
Neurologic complications of alcoholism.
Alcohol and gastrointestinal bleeding.
Alcoholism and society.
The other alcohols. Methanol, ethylene glycol, and isopropanol.
Alcohol and trauma.
Post-traumatic epilepsy: cellular mechanisms and implications for treatment.
Host response to mycobacterial infection in the alcoholic rat.
Esophageal obstruction after ingestion of a fiber-containing diet pill.
Fulminant hepatitis after lisinopril administration.
Cardiovascular responses to arm cranking and FNS-induced leg exercise in paraplegics.
Results of treatment of displaced patellar fractures by partial patellectomy.
Dealing with geographic variations in the use of hospitals. The experience of the Maine Medical Assessment Foundation Orthopaedic Study Group.
Unexpected geographic variation in rates of hospitalization for patients who have fracture of the hip. Medicare enrollees in the United States.
Measurement of anterior-posterior displacement of the knee. A comparison of the results with instrumented devices and with clinical examination.
Comparison of a hybrid with an uncemented total hip replacement. A retrospective matched-pair study.
The lateral approach for operative release of post-traumatic contracture of the elbow.
Replantation of the distal part of the leg.
The osteogenic response to distant skeletal injury.
Amputation or limb-lengthening for partial or total absence of the fibula.
Nonosmotic stimuli alter osmoregulation in patients with spinal cord injury.
Traumatic asphyxia.
Direct visualization of ruptured chordae tendineae by transesophageal two-dimensional echocardiography.
Prevalence of occupational asthma and immunologic sensitization to guar gum among employees at a carpet-manufacturing plant.
The Hymenoptera venom study. III: Safety of venom immunotherapy.
Heterosexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus among intravenous drug users.
Neisseria mucosa endocarditis.
Unusual type of foreign body in the maxillary sinus.
Field performance of the Intoxilyzer 5000: a comparison of blood- and breath-alcohol results in Wisconsin drivers.
Determination of human immunodeficiency virus antibody status in forensic autopsy cases in Vancouver using a recombinant immunoblot assay.
Fatal ethanol intoxication from household products not intended for ingestion.
Causes of death in hospitalized intravenous drug abusers.
Liberty and tardive dyskinesia: informed consent to antipsychotic medication in the forensic psychiatric hospital.
Inadvertent clavicular fractures caused by "chiropractic" manipulations in an infant: an unusual form of pseudoabuse.
An elliptical incised wound of the breast misinterpreted as a bite injury.
Multiple gunshot wounds of the head: an anthropological view.
Articulatory impairment associated with tardive dyskinesia.
Cruciate paralysis: a clinical and radiographic analysis of injuries to the cervicomedullary junction.
Needlestick injuries among resident physicians.
Screening for psychiatric and substance abuse disorders in clinical practice.
The physician's role in injury prevention: beyond the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force report.
Nicotine dependence: a preventable risk factor for other diseases.
Facial trauma in women resulting from violence by men.
The problem of the bifid mandibular condyle.
Conventional radiographic and computed tomographic findings in cases of fracture of the mandibular condylar process.
Poly(L-lactide) implants in repair of defects of the orbital floor: an animal study.
Auto-PEEP in the multisystem injured patient: an elusive complication.
Gunshot injuries to the hip and abdomen: the association of joint and intra-abdominal visceral injuries.
Effect of endotoxin and a burn injury on lung and liver lipid peroxidation and catalase activity.
The abdominal trauma index--a critical reassessment and validation.
Diagnostic peritoneal lavage: accuracy in predicting necessary laparotomy following blunt and penetrating trauma.
The Major Trauma Outcome Study: establishing national norms for trauma care.
Basophil releasability in severely burned patients.
Studies on B-lymphocyte dysfunctions in severely burned patients.
Parotid gland and facial nerve trauma: a retrospective review.
Subxiphoid pericardial windows--helpful in selected cases.
Bilateral sacroiliac joint fracture-dislocation: a case report.
Use of recombinant human erythropoietin (r-HuEPO) in a Jehovah's Witness refusing transfusion of blood products: case report.
Pediatric blunt liver injury and coagulopathy managed with packs and a silo: case report.
Acute aortic valvular incompetence following blunt thoracic deceleration injury: case report.
Brachial plexus injury associated with chest restraint seatbelt: case report.
Bilateral simultaneous fractures of the femoral neck: case report.
Organ injury scaling, II: Pancreas, duodenum, small bowel, colon, and rectum.
Alcoholic blackouts: legal implications.
Health locus of control beliefs and alcohol-related factors that may influence treatment outcomes.
Cranial electrostimulation (CES) use in the detoxification of opiate-dependent patients.
Case management in addictions treatment.
The role of buspirone in the management of alcohol withdrawal: a preliminary investigation.
Gastrointestinal pathology in adult iron overdose.
Rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure associated with cocaine abuse.
The effects of fluoxetine in the overdose patient.
Clinical experience with the benzodiazepine antagonist flumazenil in suspected benzodiazepine or ethanol poisoning.
Toxicological screening: a three year experience in poisonings in Kuwait.
Clinical course and pharmacokinetics following a massive overdose of amphotericin B in a neonate.
Skin blisters as a manifestation of oxazepam toxicity.
Arteriographically determined occlusive disease within the hypogastric-cavernous bed in impotent patients following blunt perineal and pelvic trauma.
Salvage posterior urethroplasty after failed initial repair of pelvic fracture membranous urethral defects.
The effect of an alpha-2 agonist on bladder function and cord histology after spinal cord injury [retracted by Weiss R, Tomasula JJ, Sotologo JR Jr. In: J Urol 1991 Aug;146(2):426]
Femur fracture with limb shortening causing occlusion of a polytetrafluoroethylene femoral popliteal graft.
Comorbidity of mental disorders with alcohol and other drug abuse. Results from the Epidemiologic Catchment Area (ECA) Study
Diclofenac-associated hepatotoxicity
Alcohol consumption by college undergraduates: current use and 10-year trends.
Alcohol consumption and problem drinking in Vietnam era veterans and nonveterans.
Agreement between two dietary methods in the measurement of alcohol consumption.
Anomie, alcohol abuse and alcohol consumption: a prospective-analysis.
The situational riskiness of alcoholic beverages.
Portrayals of alcohol on prime-time television.
Public support for policy initiatives regulating alcohol use in Minnesota: a multi-community survey.
A comparison of familial and nonfamilial male alcoholic patients without a coexisting psychiatric disorder.
The relationship between ethanol intake and DSM-III-R alcohol dependence.
The MAC scale in a normal population: the meaning of "false positives".
The effect of gender and subtype on platelet MAO in alcoholism.
The acute effects of alcohol on the blood pressure of young, normotensive men.
Rupture of thoracic aorta caused by blunt trauma. A fifteen-year experience.
Effect of exposure of miners to aluminium powder.
Comparison of oral iron chelator L1 and desferrioxamine in iron-loaded patients.
Variations on the temporoparietal fascial flap.
Pulsed carbon dioxide laser ablation of burned skin: in vitro and in vivo analysis.
Genucom knee analysis system: reproducibility and database development.
In vivo biological effects of stereotactic radiosurgery: a primate model.
Posterior interosseous nerve palsies.
Ischemic brain damage in a model of acute subdural hematoma.
Traumatic aneurysm of the superior cerebellar artery: case report and review of the literature.
Intradural herniation of a thoracic disc presenting as flaccid paraplegia: case report.
Xenon-enhanced computed tomographic measurement of cerebral blood flow in patients with chronic subdural hematomas.
Effect of dosage and timing of administration of naloxone on outcome in the rat ventral compression model of spinal cord injury.
Subdural hematoma associated with metastatic neoplasms.
Radiation necrosis of the optic chiasm, optic tract, hypothalamus, and upper pons after radiotherapy for pituitary adenoma, detected by gadolinium-enhanced, T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging: case report.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome: a unique association with a tricyclic antidepressant.
Introducing the 'walk-up' flap.
Replantation: an analysis of 29 teeth.
Leakage of fluid administered epidurally to rats into subcutaneous tissue
Heritability of symptoms in an experimental model of neuropathic pain.
Interactions between substance P, calcitonin gene-related peptide, taurine and excitatory amino acids in the spinal cord.
Children riding in the back of pickup trucks: a neglected safety issue.
Hair dryer burns in children.
Self-induced urinary tract infection in school-age boys.
Health assessment of the early adolescent. Challenges and clinical issues.
Let's stop the comeback of tuberculosis. Best drug regimens for prevention and treatment.
Abdominal trauma in pregnancy. When is fetal monitoring necessary?
Simultaneous reconstruction of cervical soft tissue and esophagus with a gastro-omental free flap.
The radial forearm flap for reconstruction of the upper extremity.
Calcium carbonate gel therapy for hydrofluoric acid burns of the hand.
Controlled tissue expansion of a groin flap for upper extremity reconstruction.
Improved technique for a one-stage repair of significant defects of the ear.
Persistent segmental cutaneous anesthesia after a brown recluse spider bite.
Acute obstructive jaundice in the multiple trauma patient.
Traumatic diaphragmatic hernia and intestinal obstruction due to penetrating trunk wounds.
1990 Volvo Award in clinical sciences. Lumbar spinal pathology in cadaveric material in relation to history of back pain, occupation, and physical loading.
The role of spinal flexibility in back pain complaints within industry. A prospective study.
The loads on the lumbar spine during work at an assembly line. The risks for fatigue injuries of vertebral bodies.
Osteoporosis and back pain in the elderly. A controlled epidemiologic and radiographic study.
Traumatic disruptions of the thoracic aorta: treatment and outcome.
Gastric outlet obstruction caused by traumatic pseudoaneurysm of superior mesenteric artery.
Focal ischemic damage is reduced by CPP-ene studies in two animal models.
The evolving pattern of digoxin intoxication: observations at a large urban hospital from 1980 to 1988.
Risk of cardiovascular mortality in alcohol drinkers, ex-drinkers and nondrinkers.
Chronic ethanol feeding and acute ethanol exposure in vitro: effect on intestinal transport of biotin.
Childhood deaths from toy balloons.
Lead poisoning and thalassemia trait or iron deficiency. The value of the red blood cell distribution width.
Pediatrician's knowledge and practices regarding parental use of alcohol.
Prevalence and determinants of estrogen replacement therapy in elderly women.
Hemoperitoneum as a result of coital injury without associated vaginal injury.
Effects of altering the eicosanoid precursor pool on neovascularization and inflammation in the alkali-burned rabbit cornea.
Effects of individually motivating smoking cessation in male blue collar workers.
Garlic-in-oil associated botulism: episode leads to product modification.
Epidemiology of reported cases of AIDS in lesbians, United States 1980-89.
Injury and disability in matched men's and women's intercollegiate sports.
Coding external causes of injury (E-codes) in Maryland hospital discharges 1979-88: a statewide study to explore the uncoded population.
Benzodiazepine tranquilizers and the risk of accidental injury.
A case-control study of the effectiveness of bicycle safety helmets in preventing facial injury.
Overcoming potential pitfalls in the use of Medicare data for epidemiologic research.
HIV seroprevalence among male IVDUs in Houston, Texas.
Age, sex, and road-use patterns of motor vehicular trauma in Rhode Island: A population-based hospital emergency department study.
Plasmodium falciparum-infected Anopheles stephensi inconsistently transmit malaria to humans.
Algorithm for assessing renal dysfunction risk in critically ill trauma patients receiving aminoglycosides.
Hypothermia and acidosis worsen coagulopathy in the patient requiring massive transfusion.
Relationship of oxygen dose to angiogenesis induction in irradiated tissue.
Blood contamination of anaesthetic and related staff
Rapid visual colorimetry of peritoneal lavage fluid.
Scapular dislocation (locked scapula).
The validity and reliability of the navicular fat stripe as a screening test for detection of navicular fractures.
Buffered versus plain lidocaine as a local anesthetic for simple laceration repair.
Submersion in The Netherlands: prognostic indicators and results of resuscitation.
The lack of full correlation between the Injury Severity Score and the resource needs of injured patients
The trauma triage rule: a new, resource-based approach to the prehospital identification of major trauma victims.
Geriatric injury: an analysis of prehospital demographics, mechanisms, and patterns.
Chylous drainage from a stab wound to the neck.
Erythromycin failure with subsequent Pasteurella multocida meningitis and septic arthritis in a cat-bite victim.
Pulmonary fibrosis in aluminum oxide workers. Investigation of nine workers, with pathologic examination and microanalysis in three of them.
Flexible bronchoscopic removal of radioccult polyurethane foam, with pneumonitis in a hyperventilated lobe.
Human intestinal tissue antibiotic concentrations. Clindamycin, gentamicin, and mezlocillin.
Starch peritonitis. A case report and clinicopathologic review.
Porta hepatis disruption from blunt trauma.
The role of endoscopic retrograde pancreatography (ERP) in blunt abdominal trauma.
Endoscopic extraction of an entrapped nasogastric tube.
Risk for occupational transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) associated with clinical exposures. A prospective evaluation
Low bone density is an etiologic factor for stress fractures in athletes.
Management of tracheobronchial foreign bodies in children: an update.
Facial nerve monitoring in otologic surgery: clinical indications and intraoperative technique.
Spinal cord compression with paraplegia in xanthomatosis due to normocholesterolemic sitosterolemia.
The acutely affected abdomen in paraplegic spinal cord injury patients.
Giant chest wall tumor resulting from tissue reaction to foreign bodies.
Thoracic spinal fractures and aortic rupture: a significant and fatal association.
Morphological and histopathological aspects of aneurysms after patch aortoplasty for coarctation.
Medical management of acute traumatic rupture of the aorta.
The hippocampus and parahippocampus in schizophrenia, suicide, and control brains [published erratum appears in Arch Gen Psychiatry 1991 May;48(5):422]
A new orthosis for central cord syndrome and brachial plexus injuries.
Age effect on prognosis for functional recovery in acute, traumatic central cord syndrome.
Sensory nerve evoked responses in spinal cord injury.
Asymptomatic ulnar neuropathy in carpal tunnel syndrome.
Aerobic and anaerobic bacteriology of wounds and cutaneous abscesses.
A subluxing arthropathy associated with the anti-Jo-1 antibody in polymyositis/dermatomyositis.
Medical and dental students' attitudes about the AIDS epidemic.
The impact of an AIDS symposium on attitudes of providers of pediatric health care.
Attitudes of medical school faculty and students toward acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Medical and nursing students' attitudes about AIDS issues.
Predictors of medical and nursing students' levels of HIV-AIDS knowledge and their resistance to working with AIDS patients.
Willingness of health-professions students to treat patients with AIDS.
Photodynamic therapy with chloroaluminum-sulfonated phthalocyanine.
The relative biological effectiveness of fractionated doses of fast neutrons (42 MeVd----Be) for normal tissues in the pig. II. Late effects on cutaneous and subcutaneous tissues.
Quantitative gamma-ray computed tomography of the radius in normal subjects and osteoporotic patients.
Acute opioid physical dependence in humans: effect of varying the morphine-naloxone interval II.
Precipitated abstinence in orally dosed benzodiazepine-dependent dogs.
Pediatric penetrating head and neck trauma.
Sports-related ocular trauma.
Indications and results of relaxing retinotomy.
Seven hundred medicolegal cases in ophthalmology.
Excess injury mortality among children in the United States: comparison of recent international statistics.
Unintended injuries in children: the French situation.
Childhood injuries: where we are.
Bronchoscopy in critically ill patients. When is it appropriate?
Repetitive strain injuries. How to deal with 'the epidemic of the 1990s'.
Skiing and snowboarding injuries. When schussing is a pain.
Frostbite. Methods to minimize tissue loss.
A randomized prospective study of topical antimicrobial agents on skin grafts after thermal injury.
Rigid fixation of internal orbital fractures.
The lateral arm fascial free flap: its anatomy and use in reconstruction.
Split nails.
Vicarious contrast material excretion in patients with acute unilateral ureteral obstruction.
Association of vertebral end plate fracture with pediatric lumbar intervertebral disk herniation: value of CT and MR imaging.
A profile of alcohol and prescription drug abuse in a high-risk community-based elderly population.
Flumazenil: a benzodiazepine antagonist.
Treatment of digitalis intoxication with emphasis on the clinical use of digoxin immune Fab.
Dyskinetic movements, cognitive impairment, and negative symptoms in elderly neuropsychiatric patients.
Sudden death from acute cocaine intoxication in Virginia in 1988.
Outpatient management of traumatic microhyphemas.
Intraocular foreign bodies: results of 27 cases.
Endophthalmitis due to Sporothrix schenckii after penetrating ocular injury.
Removal of blunt foreign bodies from the esophagus.
Platysma myocutaneous flap for repair of hypopharyngeal strictures.
Decision analysis, public health policy, and isoniazid chemoprophylaxis for young adult tuberculin skin reactors.
Outcome in Mania. A 4-year prospective follow-up of 75 patients utilizing survival analysis.
Reappraisal of pancreatic and duodenal injury management based on injury severity.
Barotrauma associated with high-frequency jet ventilation for hypoxic salvage.
Chronic alcohol ingestion increases aortic lipid levels in rats.
Eustachian valve endocarditis.
The comportmental learning disabilities of early frontal lobe damage.
Combined modality therapy for locally advanced non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Piroxicam decreases postirradiation colonic neoplasia in the rat.
Dislocation after total hip arthroplasty. Causes and prevention.
Cementless total joint arthroplasty prostheses with titanium-alloy articular surfaces. A human retrieval analysis.
Knee function after complex femoral fractures treated with interlocking nails.
Risk factors for the development of osteoarthrosis of the knee.
Cartilage begets bone versus endochondral myelopoiesis.
Bone fragility of the peripheral skeleton during fluoride therapy for osteoporosis.
The fat embolism syndrome. A review.
Endotracheal tube cuff pressure assessment: pitfalls of finger estimation and need for objective measurement.
Acute myocardial infarction resulting from the migration of a Greenfield filter.
Human dose-response relationship for decompression and endogenous bubble formation.
Perichondral grafting for cartilage lesions of the knee.
Biomechanical strength of non-vascularised and vascularised diaphyseal bone transplants. An experimental study.
Open reduction and fixation of proximal humeral fractures and fracture-dislocations.
Extending intramedullary rods in congenital pseudarthrosis of the tibia.
Bone lysis in well-fixed cemented femoral components.
Why use drains?
Morphine pharmacokinetics during anesthesia and surgery in patients with burns.
Effects of acute ethanol ingestion and burn injury on serum immunoglobulin.
Comparison of resting energy expenditures and caloric intake in children with severe burns.
Cyclosporine A for prolonging allograft survival in patients with massive burns.
The efficacy of pediatric blood culture sets in the determination of burn bacteremia.
A survey of wound monitoring and topical antimicrobial therapy practices in the treatment of burn injury.
Cytomegalovirus infection promotes bacterial translocation in thermally injured mice.
The use of intestinal antibiotics to delay or prevent infections in patients with burns.
Tissue-expanded radial forearm free flap in neck burn contracture.
Gasoline burns: the preventable cause of thermal injury.
Carburetor burns: preventable injuries associated with high morbidity and frequent litigation.
Marjolin's ulcer: a review and reevaluation of a difficult problem.
Discharge videotaping: a means of augmenting occupational and physical therapy.
Familial values as factors influencing long-term psychological adjustment of children after severe burn injury.
Differences in health status between older and younger homeless adults.
Radiological diagnosis of aspirated foreign bodies in children: review of 343 cases.
The effects of cyproheptadine on locomotion and on spasticity in patients with spinal cord injuries.
Laparoscopic tubal sterilization. The potential for thermal bowel injury.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Ocular injury induced by methyl ethyl ketone peroxide.
The corneoscleral limbus in human corneal epithelial wound healing.
Covalent binding of oxidative biotransformation intermediates is associated with halothane hepatotoxicity in guinea pigs.
Monoscleral fixation for posterior chamber intraocular lenses in cases of posterior capsule rupture.
Pneumocephalus secondary to a high-pressure water injury to the nose.
The population mean predicts the number of deviant individuals
Foley catheter balloon puncture and the risk of free fragment formation.
Blunt renal trauma in childhood. Features indicating severe injury.
Recovery of morphine from a controlled-release preparation. A source of opioid abuse.
Effects of acute and chronic ethanol administration and its withdrawal on the level and binding of somatostatin in rat brain.
Carcinogen hemoglobin adducts, urinary mutagenicity, and metabolic phenotype in active and passive cigarette smokers.
Ocular trauma caused by exploding glass bottles containing dry ice and water.
Treatment of reflex sympathetic dystrophy with topical capsaicin. Case report.
Effects of lesions in the anterolateral columns and dorsolateral funiculi on self-mutilation behavior in rats.
Efficacy of tetracaine-adrenaline-cocaine topical anesthetic without tetracaine for facial laceration repair in children [published erratum appears in Pediatrics 1991 Feb;87(2):185]
Accidental poisoning with a superwarfarin compound (brodifacoum) in a child.
Cerebrospinal fluid endothelin-1 and endothelin-3 levels in normal and neurosurgical patients: a clinical study and literature review.
Two cases of fatal atlantoaxial distraction injury without fracture or rotation.
The course of the HIV epidemic among intravenous drug users in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Reporting of occupational injury and illness in the semiconductor manufacturing industry.
Reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament using allogeneic tendon. Long-term followup.
Pathologic synovial plica of the knee. Results of conservative treatment.
Surgical correction of the snapping iliopsoas tendon.
Secondary damage to the knee after isolated injury of the anterior cruciate ligament.
Shoulder arthroscopy: its role in evaluating shoulder disorders in the athlete.
Anterior cruciate ligament injury: evaluation of intraarticular reconstruction of acute tears without repair. Two to seven year followup of 155 athletes
Comparison of support provided by a semirigid orthosis and adhesive ankle taping before, during, and after exercise.
Living with artificial grass: a knowledge update. Part 2: Epidemiology.
Arterial abnormalities of the shoulder in athletes.
Arterial abnormalities of the hand in athletes.
Stress fractures of the femoral neck in athletes. The consequence of a delay in diagnosis.
Injury patterns in Scottish heavy athletics.
Early detection of myocardial contusion and its complications in patients with blunt trauma.
Balloon catheter tamponade in cardiovascular wounds.
Trend toward nonoperative management of splenic injuries.
Open versus closed diagnostic peritoneal lavage in the evaluation of abdominal trauma.
The asymptomatic patient with suspected myocardial contusion.
Tertiary trauma care in a rural state.
Improved trauma care in a rural hospital after establishing a level II trauma center.
Nitrobenzene poisoning and spurious pulse oximetry.
The use of diazepam in chloroquine poisoning.
Radiologic detection of pleural thickening.
Mineralogic parameters related to amosite asbestos-induced fibrosis in humans.
Prevalence of occupational asthma and immunologic sensitization to psyllium among health personnel in chronic care hospitals.
Inhalation injury to tracheal epithelium in an ovine model of cotton smoke exposure. Early phase (30 minutes).
Bilateral intrapulmonary hematomas.
A national study of AIDS and residency training: experiences, concerns, and consequences
Motor unit numbers and contractile properties after spinal cord injury.
Detection of HIV in fetal central nervous system tissue.
Biomaterial calcification without direct material-cell interaction.
Protection of the small intestine against irradiation by means of a removable prosthesis.
Lack of late skin necrosis in man after high-dose irradiation using small field sizes: experiences of grid therapy.
The relative biological effectiveness of fractionated doses of fast neutrons (42 MeVd----Be) for normal tissues. III. Effects on lung function.
Prediction of outcome in acute pancreatitis: a comparative study of APACHE II, clinical assessment and multiple factor scoring systems.
Crico-tracheal disruption and common carotid artery occlusion: a case of blunt trauma.
Lead.
Tardive dyskinesia: managing a common neuroleptic side effect.
Open fractures of the tibia in children.
Subtle injuries of the Lisfranc joint.
Shielding of the patient's gonads during intramedullary interlocking femoral nailing.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis after bone marrow transplantation: study of nine cases.
Injuries in an elderly inner-city population.
Effects of nonparticipation in trauma center system on emergency department utilization.
Changes affecting the initial evaluation and care of the pregnant trauma victim.
Case report: severe ethylene glycol intoxication with normal osmolal gap--"a chilling thought".
The electrocardiographic manifestations of cyclic antidepressant therapy and overdose: a review.
Blunt trauma to the heart: the pathophysiology of injury.
The scapular manipulation technique for the reduction of acute anterior shoulder dislocations.
Orthostatic hypotension in human immunodeficiency virus infection may be the result of generalized autonomic nervous system dysfunction.
Assessing nutritional needs for the burned patient.
Effect of early feeding on the postburn hypermetabolic response in rats.
Antibiotics and the postburn hypermetabolic response.
Pulmonary circulation and burns and trauma.
Evaluation and management of patients with inhalation injury.
Pathophysiologic events related to thermal injury of skin.
Neutrophil disorders in burn injury: complement, cytokines, and organ injury.
Aberrations in post-trauma monocyte (MO) subpopulation: role in septic shock syndrome.
Substance abuse-related spontaneous bladder rupture: report of 2 cases and review of the literature.
Biochemical analysis of electroejaculates in spinal cord injured men: comparison to normal ejaculates.
Population and pedigree studies reveal a lack of association between the dopamine D2 receptor gene and alcoholism.
Environmental illness. A controlled study of 26 subjects with '20th century disease'
Acute water intoxication as a complication of urine drug testing in the workplace
Nicotine-replacement therapy with use of a transdermal nicotine patch--a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial
A randomized study of the effect of withdrawing hydroxychloroquine sulfate in systemic lupus erythematosus. The Canadian Hydroxychloroquine Study Group
Transcatheter arterial embolization in the management of postpartum hemorrhage due to genital tract injury.
Retained intraocular foreign bodies and endophthalmitis.
Prefabrication of composite free flaps through staged microvascular transfer: an experimental and clinical study.
A multivariate approach to the treatment of peripheral nerve transection injury: the role of electromagnetic field therapy.
Blunt trauma in children: significance of peritoneal fluid.
The clinical efficacy of triple-injection wrist arthrography.
Occult posttraumatic osteochondral lesions of the knee: prevalence, classification, and short-term sequelae evaluated with MR imaging.
Accumulation of erythrocyte nucleotides and their pattern in lead workers.
Occult exposure to asbestos in steel workers revealed by bronchoalveolar lavage.
High mortality and shortened life-span in patients with itai-itai disease and subjects with suspected disease.
Respiratory health of plywood workers occupationally exposed to formaldehyde.
Blunt traumatic cardiac rupture. A 5-year experience.
The role of inhalation injury in burn trauma. A Canadian experience.
Removal of radiation-induced cataracts in patients treated for retinoblastoma.
Pars plana vitrectomy for acute retinal detachment in penetrating ocular injuries.
Traumatic synovitis analysed by arthroscopy and immunohistopathology.
Post-traumatic osteoarthritis--a medico-legal minefield.
Predictive index for optimizing empiric treatment of gram-negative bacteremia.
Antibody to human retroviruses among drug users in three east coast American cities, 1972-1976.
Basilar impression in osteogenesis imperfecta tarda. Case report.
Movement of hemostatic clips from the ventricles through the aqueduct to the lumbar spinal canal. Case report.
Idiopathic and glucocorticoid-induced spinal epidural lipomatosis.
Pediatric spinal epidural metastases.
Supplemental emergent chest computed tomography in the management of blunt torso trauma.
Penetrating iliac vascular injuries: recent experience with 233 consecutive patients.
The management of flail chest injury: factors affecting outcome.
Conservative management of duodenal trauma: a multicenter perspective.
Mortality in trauma patients: the interaction between host factors and severity.
The management of large soft-tissue defects following close-range shotgun injury.
Nonoperative management of blunt liver injuries in adults: the need for continued surveillance.
Dynamic computerized tomography of the occiput-atlas-axis complex in trauma patients with odontoid lateral mass asymmetry.
Complications in evaluating abdominal trauma: diagnostic peritoneal lavage versus computerized axial tomography.
Blunt carotid artery dissection: incidence, associated injuries, screening, and treatment.
The effect of alcohol in isolated blunt splenic trauma.
Treatment of candidosis in severely injured adults with short-course, low-dose amphotericin B.
Unintentional injury death rates in rural Appalachia.
Do trauma centers improve outcome over non-trauma centers: the evaluation of regional trauma care using discharge abstract data and patient management categories.
Central venous oxygen saturation: a useful clinical tool in trauma patients.
Management issues for trauma patients with alcohol.
Metabolism of platelet activating factor (PAF) and lyso-PAF in polymorphonuclear granulocytes from severely burned patients.
Conservative management of aortic lacerations due to blunt trauma.
Management of close-range shotgun injuries to the chest by diaphragmatic transposition: case reports.
Fracture-dislocation of the base of the fifth metacarpal with an ulnar motor nerve lesion: case report.
Carotid-esophageal fistula following a penetrating neck injury: case report.
Traumatic left renal artery stenosis managed with splenorenal bypass: case report.
Fractures of the coracoid process: presentation of seven cases and review of the literature.
Septic hip in pelvic fracture with urologic trauma: case report.
Delayed, exsanguinating pelvic hemorrhage after blunt trauma without bony fracture: case report.
Intra-aortic balloon pump for combined myocardial contusion and thoracic aortic rupture.
Intramyocardial shotgun pellets diagnosed on initial emergency room chest X-ray: case report.
Thiazide diuretics and the risk of hip fracture. Results from the Framingham Study.
Rapid sequence treatment of advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the upper aerodigestive tract: a pilot study.
Surgical outcome in 435 patients who sustained missile head wounds during the Iran-Iraq War.
Civilian gunshot wounds to the head: a prospective study.
A detachable balloon procedure for a traumatic internal carotid-internal jugular fistula: report of a case
Syringomyelia secondary to compression of the cervical spinal cord by an extramedullary lymphoma.
Injuries of the external ear.
Concepts of soft-tissue trauma repair.
Unsupervised children in vehicles: a risk for pediatric trauma.
Delayed anterior decompression in patients with spinal cord and cauda equina injuries of the thoracolumbar spine.
Sagittal index in management of thoracolumbar burst fractures.
Nonoperative observation of clinically occult arterial injuries: a prospective evaluation
Tardive dyskinesia.
Axis II comorbidity in substance abusers
Psychiatric morbidity in adult inpatients with childhood histories of sexual and physical abuse.
Accidental firearm fatalities among New Mexico children.
Under-reporting of contaminated needlestick injuries in emergency health care workers.
Hangman's fracture in a 7-week-old infant.
Fatal Capnocytophaga canimorsus septicemia in a previously healthy woman.
Heterogeneity in the inheritance of alcoholism. A study of male and female twins.
Psychiatric disorders in relatives of probands with opiate addiction.
Psychiatric diagnoses of treatment-seeking cocaine abusers.
Symptoms of tobacco withdrawal. A replication and extension.
Changes in plasma homovanillic acid concentrations in schizophrenic patients following neuroleptic discontinuation.
Hyperactive boys almost grown up. V. Replication of psychiatric status.
Clinical and pathologic studies of twenty-six patients with penetrating foreign body injury to the joints, bursae, and tendon sheaths.
Monitoring HIV trends in injecting drug users: an Italian experience.
Seroepidemiology of HIV-1 infection in a Catalonian penitentiary.
Immunological and serological markers predictive of progression to AIDS in a cohort of HIV-infected drug users.
Poverty and HIV seropositivity: the poor are more likely to be infected.
Extensor tendon rupture after osteoarthrosis of the wrist associated with nonrheumatoid positive ulnar variance.
Treatment of scaphoid nonunion by radical curettage, trapezoidal iliac crest bone graft, and internal fixation with a Herbert screw.
Diagnosis of acute rupture of the quadriceps tendon by magnetic resonance imaging. A case report.
An outbreak of pneumococcal pneumonia in two men's shelters
Respiratory failure and death following acute inhalation of mercury vapor. A clinical and histologic perspective.
Pulmonary reactions caused by welding-induced decomposed trichloroethylene
Lightning injury with lung bleeding in a tracheotomized patient.
Tension pneumothorax secondary to a gastropleural fistula in a traumatic diaphragmatic hernia.
Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema complicating massive diltiazem overdose.
Cough in hot pepper workers.
Radiation-induced proctosigmoiditis. Prospective, randomized, double-blind controlled trial of oral sulfasalazine plus rectal steroids versus rectal sucralfate.
Hypophosphatemia and renal tubular dysfunction in alcoholics. Are they related to liver function impairment?
Pseudoaneurysm: diagnosis with color Doppler ultrasound.
Parenteral illegal drug use and limb loss.
Obesity and the metabolic response to severe multiple trauma in man.
Antibody coated bacteria in urine of patients with recent spinal injury.
Determination of N-methylhistamine in urine as an indicator of histamine release in immediate allergic reactions.
Trajectory reconstructions. I: Trace evidence in flight.
An application of probability theory to a group of breath-alcohol and blood-alcohol data.
Differences between multisite postmortem ethanol concentrations as related to agonal events.
The usefulness of lung surfactant phospholipids (LSPs) in the diagnosis of drowning.
Fetal death due to nonlethal maternal carbon monoxide poisoning.
A death resulting from trichlorotrifluoroethane poisoning.
The tubular "cookie cutter" bullet: a unique projectile.
The use of human skin in the fabrication of a bite mark template: two case reports.
Combat-related PTSD and psychosocial adjustment problems among substance abusing veterans.
Psychological absorption. Affect investment in marijuana intoxication.
Comparison of neuropsychologic functioning and clinical indicators of neurotoxicity in long-term survivors of childhood leukemia given cranial radiation or parenteral methotrexate: a prospective study.
Lag screw fixation of anterior mandibular fractures.
The Gillies method for fractured zygomas: an analysis of 105 cases.
A preliminary report of arthroscopic findings following acute condylar trauma
Magnetic resonance imaging and tomographic evaluation of occlusal appliance treatment for advanced internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint.
Low-dose caffeine physical dependence in humans.
Effects of specific mu and kappa opiate tolerance and abstinence on hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis secretion in the rat.
Brain and spinal cord hemorrhage in long-term survivors of malignant pediatric brain tumors: a possible late effect of therapy.
Magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in cervical spondylosis.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for acute smoke inhalation injuries.
Biomechanics of fracture risk prediction of the hip and spine by quantitative computed tomography.
Motor-evoked potentials in patients with cervical spine disorders.
Anterior cervical discectomy and fusion.
Surgical management of cervical soft disc herniation. A comparison between the anterior and posterior approach.
Injury biomechanics of the human cervical column.
Gunshot wounds to the cervical spine.
Evaluation of current extrication orthoses in immobilization of the unstable cervical spine.
Immediate closed reduction of cervical spine dislocations using traction.
Anterior cervical plate fixation with the titanium hollow screw plate system. A preliminary report.
Strategies for trauma resuscitation.
Neural arch stenosis and spinal cord injury in thanatophoric dysplasia.
Hemochromatosis and infection: alcohol and iron, oysters and sepsis.
Increased intraocular pressure in severely burned patients
Epidemiologic characteristics, predisposing factors, and etiologic diagnosis of corneal ulceration in Nepal.
Utility of the Self-Administered Alcoholism Screening Test (SAAST) in schizophrenic patients.
Alcohol and secobarbital effects as a function of familial alcoholism: acute psychophysiological effects.
Sons of alcoholics report greater hangover symptoms than sons of nonalcoholics: a pilot study.
Taste reactivity in alcohol preferring and nonpreferring rats.
Subject selection bias in alcoholics volunteering for a treatment study.
Alcohol abuse among grandsons of alcoholics: some preliminary findings.
Relationships between neuropsychological test performance and event-related potentials in alcoholic and nonalcoholic samples.
Comparison of the Self-Administered Alcoholism Screening Test (SAAST) and the Khavari Alcohol Test (KAT): results from an alcoholic population and their collaterals.
Formation of the 37KD protein-acetaldehyde adduct in liver during alcohol treatment is dependent on alcohol dehydrogenase activity.
Effects of acute alcohol intake on tolerance to hypotension.
Acute alcohol ingestion reduces fatty acid extraction of the heart, liver, and small intestine.
Blunt ocular trauma secondary to "war games".
Arytenoid subluxation: diagnosis and treatment.
Penetrating trauma involving the innominate artery.
Right pulmonary artery obstruction after pulmonary artery banding.
Traumatic asphyxia.
Effect of race on expression of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-associated nephropathy.
Spontaneous electromyographic potentials in chronic spinal cord injured patients: relation to spasticity and length of nerve.
Orthostatic hypotension after spinal cord injury: treatment with fludrocortisone and ergotamine.
Fungal burn wound infection. A 10-year experience.
Indications for surgical debridement in 125 human bites to the hand.
Effects of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in burn patients.
Universal precautions are not universally followed.
The epidemiologic features of nosocomial infections in patients with trauma.
Poisonings in laboratory personnel and health care professionals.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome from organophosphate poisoning.
Open depressed skull fracture missed on computed tomography: a case report.
Seatbelt effectiveness and cost of noncompliance among drivers admitted to a trauma center.
Carbidopa-levodopa overdose.
The febrile alcoholic in the emergency department.
The Three Rivers Regatta accident: an EMS perspective.
Differential reading recovery in patients with severe to moderate closed head injury.
Motor-evoked potentials reflect spinal cord function in post-traumatic syringomyelia.
Spasticity in spinal cord injured persons: quantitative effects of baclofen and placebo treatments.
Measurement of end-expiratory pressure during transtracheal high frequency jet ventilation for laryngoscopy
Silica-associated systemic sclerosis is clinically, serologically and immunologically indistinguishable from idiopathic systemic sclerosis.
Urinary continence in spinal injury patients following complete sacral posterior rhizotomy.
Late effects of treatment for Wilms' tumor. A report from the National Wilms' Tumor Study Group.
Multidisciplinary treatment of primary orbital rhabdomyosarcoma. A single-institution experience.
Intrapericardial infusion of 5-fluorouracil. An unusual complication of a Hickman catheter.
The history and classification of knee braces.
Choosing functional knee braces.
Functional analysis of anterior cruciate ligament braces.
The use of knee braces during rehabilitation.
The effect of bracing on the collateral ligaments of the knee.
Clinical significance and evaluation of prophylactic knee brace studies in football.
Management of smooth-blunt gastric foreign bodies in asymptomatic patients.
Antiepileptic drug intoxication: factors and their significance.
T-plasty modification of the Bankart procedure for multidirectional instability of the anterior and inferior types.
The clinical value of magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of meniscal disorders.
Accuracy of diagnoses from magnetic resonance imaging of the knee. A multi-center analysis of one thousand and fourteen patients.
Carpometacarpal dislocations. Long-term follow-up.
Healing of digital flexor tendons: importance of the interval from injury to repair. A biomechanical, biochemical, and morphological study in dogs.
Esophageal obstruction with a dietary fiber product designed for weight reduction.
Fat distribution and steroid hormones in women with alcohol abuse.
Metabolite and hormonal profiles in heat stroke patients at Mecca pilgrimage.
Changes in the basal dendrites of cortical pyramidal cells from alcoholic patients--a quantitative Golgi study.
Motor units in incomplete spinal cord injury: electrical activity, contractile properties and the effects of biofeedback.
Do nurses or doctors have an increased risk of developing multiple sclerosis?
Association of self-reported injury and alcohol consumption in medical outpatients.
Massive transfusion: outcome in blunt trauma patients.
How to save fuel and reduce injuries in automobiles.
High-pressure injection injuries of the hand.
Primary intramedullary nailing of open femoral shaft fractures.
Post-traumatic bile fistulae.
A prospective evaluation of the AO/ASIF universal femoral nail in the treatment of traumatic and reconstructive problems of the femur.
Injuries to the cervical spine causing vertebral artery trauma: case reports.
Traumatic rupture of the interventricular septum and tricuspid valve: case report.
Bullet fragment venous embolus to the heart: case report.
Penetrating injury of a duplicated ureter: case report.
Intrahepatic arterioportal fistula after blunt hepatic trauma: case reports.
Traumatic scapulothoracic dissociation: case report.
Emergency center ultrasonography in the evaluation of hemoperitoneum: a prospective study.
Multipiece tire rim injuries.
Improved outcome with early fixation of skeletally unstable pelvic fractures.
Early measurement of systemic lipid peroxidation products in the plasma of major blunt trauma patients.
Spine trauma and associated injuries.
Locked intramedullary nailing of femoral shaft fractures.
The epidemiology of seatbelt-associated injuries.
Impairment of specific host defense mechanisms in patients with chronic post-traumatic osteomyelitis.
Improvement of septic syndrome after administration of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH)?
Fibrinogen degradation product-D, fibrinogen, and serum change polymorphonuclear granulocyte activity--possibly important post-trauma?
Delayed union of fibular fractures accompanying fractures of the tibial shaft.
Coronary bypass surgery: is the operation different today?
Alcohol and cocaine use among first-year college students.
Pharmacokinetic dosing of phenobarbital in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome
Indigenous cases of Lyme disease diagnosed in North Carolina.
A survey of drinking patterns during medical school.
Eosinophilic pneumonia associated with reaction to radiographic contrast medium.
Complications of lateral C1-2 puncture myelography.
Clinical value of magnetic resonance imaging for cervical myelopathy.
Dynamic analysis of the Harrington system using a spinal simulator.
Treatment of unstable bladder.
Occupational exposure to HIV: frequency and rates of underreporting of percutaneous and mucocutaneous exposures by medical housestaff.
A risk-benefit analysis of elective bilateral oophorectomy: effect of changes in compliance with estrogen therapy on outcome.
Comparison of lung alveolar and tissue cells in silica-induced inflammation.
Lung health consequences of reported accidental chlorine gas exposures among pulpmill workers.
Silicosis, chronic airflow limitation, and chronic bronchitis in South African gold miners.
Emergency center laboratory evaluation of pediatric trauma victims.
The intracolonic bypass tube for left colon and rectal trauma. The avoidance of a colostomy.
Computerized tomography as an indicator of isolated mesenteric injury. A comparison with peritoneal lavage.
Anton's syndrome in a patient with posttraumatic optic neuropathy and bifrontal contusions.
Surgical treatment of internal derangements of the temporomandibular joint. A long-term study.
Computed tomographic assessment of old calcaneal fractures.
Real-time digital contrast enhancement and magnification in the assessment of scaphoid and other wrist injuries.
The prognostic significance of radiologically detected knee joint effusions in the absence of associated fracture.
Survival differences in patients with AIDS [published erratum appears in J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 1991;4(7):737]
Organic dust toxic syndrome: an acute febrile reaction to organic dust exposure distinct from hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Assessment of efficacy of activated charcoal for treatment of acute T-2 toxin poisoning.
Carbamazepine overdose: a prospective study of serum levels and toxicity.
The occupational risk of cytomegalovirus infection among day-care providers.
Multiple alcohol-related problems in the United States: on the rise?
Alcohol-predictive cues enhance tolerance to and precipitate "craving" for alcohol in social drinkers.
Some boundary conditions for effective use of alcohol placebos.
Diagnostic validity of the MAST and the alcohol dependence scale in the assessment of DSM-III alcohol disorders.
Recent trends in the development of alcohol and drug treatment services in Ontario.
Prediction of adults' drinking patterns from the drinking of their parents.
Elderly men with histories of heavy drinking: correlates and consequences.
Drinking in college: consumption patterns, problems, sex differences and legal drinking age.
Family background of alcohol abuse and its relationship to alcohol consumption among college students: an unexpected finding.
Drinking styles of adolescents and young adults.
The sexual relationship of male alcoholics and their female partners during periods of drinking and abstinence.
The nature of adverse events in hospitalized patients. Results of the Harvard Medical Practice Study II.
Aminocaproic acid prophylaxis in traumatic hyphema.
Low-level lead exposure and children's cognitive function in the preschool years.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome: life-threatening complication of neuroleptic treatment in adolescents with affective disorder.
Delayed rupture of a pseudoaneurysm of the costocervical trunk: treatment with therapeutic embolization.
Early asbestosis: evaluation with high-resolution CT.
Splenic trauma: can CT grading systems enable prediction of successful nonsurgical treatment?
Bullet identification with radiography.
Rational use of antibiotics in the critically ill patient.
Assessing the nutritional needs of the critically ill patient.
Familial alcoholism in primary unipolar major depressive disorder.
The effect of financial management on alcohol-related hospitalization.
Drug abuse in schizophrenic patients: clinical correlates and reasons for use.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and increased risk for peptic ulcer disease in elderly persons.
X-ray fluorescence measurements of lead burden in subjects with low-level community lead exposure.
Low-level lead exposure in the prenatal and early preschool periods: language development.
Prenatal exposure to methyl mercury among Greenlandic polar Inuits.
A clinical pathologic study of four adult cases of acute mercury inhalation toxicity.
Penetrating ocular injury from contaminated eating utensils.
Circadian variation of heart rate is affected by environment: a study of continuous electrocardiographic monitoring in members of a symphony orchestra
Diagnostic utility of flumazenil in coma with suspected poisoning: a double blind, randomised controlled study
Abuse of elderly people by their carers
Progression of HIV infection in misusers of injected drugs who stop injecting or follow a programme of maintenance treatment with methadone.
Drug induced refractory headache--clinical features and management.
Intrapulmonary distribution of bronchial blood flow after moderate smoke inhalation.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis (Lyell syndrome).
Human T lymphotropic virus type II (HTLV-II) infection in a cohort of New York intravenous drug users: an old infection?
Occupational risk factors for infection with parvovirus B19 among pregnant women.
The prevalence and incidence of clinical and asymptomatic Lyme borreliosis in a population at risk.
The interspinous method of posterior atlantoaxial arthrodesis.
Acute subdural hematoma: morbidity, mortality, and operative timing.
Indium-111-chloride and three-phase bone scintigraphy: a comparison for imaging experimental osteomyelitis.
Protective behavior of captopril on Hg(++)-induced toxicity on kidney mitochondria. In vivo and in vitro experiments.
Management of posterior urethral strictures secondary to pelvic fractures in children.
Acute and chronic bioeffects of single and multiple doses of piezoelectric shockwaves (EDAP LT.01).
Energy balance in elderly patients after surgery for a femoral neck fracture.
Use of human growth hormone combined with nutritional support in a critical care unit.
Factors contributing to increased energy expenditure in thermal injury: a review of studies employing indirect calorimetry.
Niacin-induced hepatitis: a potential side effect with low-dose time-release niacin
Children born to women with HIV-1 infection: natural history and risk of transmission. European Collaborative Study.
Biomechanics of lumbar pedicle screw/plate fixation in trauma.
Restoration of the anterior neck surface in the burned patient by free groin flap.
Free vascularized thin corticoperiosteal graft.
Simultaneous bilateral forearm revascularization.
Theodor Kocher and the Scientific Foundation of Wound Ballistics.
Automatic rifle injuries: suicide by eight bullets. Report of an unusual case and a literature review.
Nail-gun suicide.
Suicides by starter's pistols and air guns.
Forensic photography. Ultraviolet imaging of wounds on skin.
A suicide by thiopentone infusion.
Homicide-suicide by stabbing.
Wrist slashing in a detention center. Case report and review of the literature.
Suicide by chloroform ingestion following self-mutilation.
Suicidal ligature strangulation with an elastic band.
Death, after swallowing and aspiration of a high number of foreign bodies, in a schizophrenic woman.
Late volume changes in retrosternal colon bypass.
Misplaced caval filter and subsequent pericardial tamponade.
Intraoperative management of severe endobronchial hemorrhage
Intraoperative echocardiography of a dislodged Bjork-Shiley mitral valve disc.
Delayed death from aortic root trauma.
Tricuspid valve incompetence caused by nonpenetrating thoracic trauma.
Multidisciplinary baseline assessment of homosexual men with and without human immunodeficiency virus infection. II. Standardized clinical assessment of current and lifetime psychopathology.
Changes in cardiovascular homeostasis after injury are mediated by tissue damage and not haemorrhage.
Extradural haematoma in the Irish Republic: an analysis of 82 cases with emphasis on 'delay'.
Extracorporeal gas exchange in adult respiratory distress syndrome: associated morbidity and its surgical treatment.
Ineffectiveness of dantrolene sodium in the treatment of heatstroke.
Seven-pathogen tricuspid endocarditis in an intravenous drug abuser. Pitfalls in laboratory diagnosis.
Mandibular ramus anatomy as it relates to the medial osteotomy of the sagittal split ramus osteotomy.
Arthroscopic treatment of temporomandibular joint locking resulting from disc derangement: two-year results.
Cocaine metabolite detection in homicide victims.
Spontaneous lymphocyte proliferation in HTLV-II infection.
Accelerated silicosis in Scottish stonemasons.
Predictive value of historical and physical characteristics for the diagnosis of child abuse.
Childhood firearms fatalities: the Metropolitan Dade County experience.
Assessment of risk for HIV-1 infection for missionaries in sub-Saharan Africa.
Klebsiella pneumonia in the modern era: clinicoradiographic correlations.
Reactional states in Hansen's disease: practical aspects of emergency management.
Anterolateral ankle dislocation without fracture.
Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome complicating T-cell lymphoma: unusual or unrecognized?
Recurrent rhabdomyolysis in association with cocaine use.
Deep venous thrombosis in intravenous cocaine abuse mimicking septic arthritis of the shoulder.
Spinal cord compression due to pagetic spinal stenosis with involvement of extradural soft tissues: a case report.
Embolism of cerebral tissue: a cause of coagulopathy and cerebral infarction? Report of a case.
Alcohol abuse in adolescents.
Left ventricular size, mass and function in relation to the duration and quantity of heavy drinking in alcoholics.
Motorcycle licensure, ownership, and injury crash involvement.
Alcohol use and abuse in random samples of physicians and medical students.
Validation of a surveillance case definition of carpal tunnel syndrome
Responsible alcohol service: a study of server, manager, and environmental impact.
Survival trends of people with AIDS in Washington State.
Nutrient modulation of inflammatory and immune function.
Atlanto-axial subluxation in Down's syndrome.
A controlled clinical comparison of 6 and 8 months of antituberculosis chemotherapy in the treatment of patients with silicotuberculosis in Hong Kong. Hong Kong Chest Service/tuberculosis Research Centre, Madras/British Medical Research Council.
Cellular and molecular basis of the asbestos-related diseases.
Spinal cord injury: prognosis for ambulation based on sensory examination in patients who are initially motor complete.
Psychosocial, functional, and quality of life assessment of patients with posttraumatic fracture nonunion, chronic refractory osteomyelitis, and lower extremity amputation.
Chronologic age, time since injury, and time of measurement: effect on adjustment after spinal cord injury.
Monocortical miniplate fixation of mandibular angle fractures.
Cranial base hemorrhage. A technique for controlling the uncontrollable.
Traumatic retinal detachment.
Post-traumatic hyperlipofuscinosis in the human retinal pigment epithelium.
Administration of interleukin-6 stimulates multilineage hematopoiesis and accelerates recovery from radiation-induced hematopoietic depression.
Bell ringers' bruises and broken bones: capers and crises in campanology
Occurrence and repetition of hospital admissions for accidents in preschool children
Local injection treatment of tennis elbow--hydrocortisone, triamcinolone and lignocaine compared.
The long-term effects of radiation therapy on patients with ovarian dysgerminoma.
Radiation therapy in metastatic spinal cord compression. A prospective analysis of 105 consecutive patients.
Dose-response relationships for the effects of insulin on glucose and fat metabolism in injured patients and control subjects.
Altered behavior and neurochemistry during short-term insulin withdrawal in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Dislocation after primary arthroplasty for subcapital fracture of the hip. Wide range of movement is a risk factor.
Noise-induced hearing loss in orthopaedic staff.
Scaphoid malunion.
Percutaneous screw fixation for fractures of the scaphoid.
Fracture-separation of the distal humeral epiphysis.
Transarticular fixation for severely displaced supracondylar fractures in children.
Internal fixation of femoral neck fractures. Two methods compared.
Immunopathological response to loose cementless acetabular components.
Bone structure after removal of internal fixation plates.
Failure of internal fixation of displaced femoral neck fractures in rheumatoid patients.
Femoral head blood flow in femoral neck fractures. An analysis using intra-osseous pressure measurement.
Early complications in the operative treatment of ankle fractures. Influence of delay before operation.
Conservative management or closed nailing for tibial shaft fractures. A randomised prospective trial.
The use of a tourniquet when plating tibial fractures.
Long-term results of the Evans procedure for lateral instability of the ankle.
The Mansfield Scientific Aortic Valvuloplasty Registry: overview of acute hemodynamic results and procedural complications.
Alcohol consumption and synthesis of ethyl esters of fatty acids in adipose tissue.
Very high blood pressure in acute stroke.
A landmark case in asbestosis.
Surgical resection of a solitary liver metastasis in a 46-year-old patient with a malignant thymoma.
Diving-related inner ear injuries.
Three-dimensional computerized tomography in the evaluation of laryngeal injury.
Early development of levodopa-induced dyskinesias and response fluctuations in young-onset Parkinson's disease.
Validation of the 1988 ACOG forceps classification system.
Prognostic indicators for acute low-back pain.
Cumulative load as a risk factor for back pain.
Secondary prevention of low-back pain. A clinical trial.
Spinal rehabilitation by work tolerance based on objective physical capacity assessment of dysfunction. A prospective study with control subjects and twelve-month review.
Analysis of spinal and muscular activity during flexion/extension and free lifts.
Effect of 3-hydroxybutyrate on posttraumatic metabolism in man.
Use of a composite skin graft composed of cultured human keratinocytes and fibroblasts and a collagen-GAG matrix to cover full-thickness wounds on athymic mice.
Relation between respiratory symptoms, type of farming, and lung function disorders in farmers.
Analysis of bronchial reactivity in epidemiological studies.
Occupational asthma in a pharmaceutical worker exposed to hydralazine.
Management of spinal cord compression secondary to metastatic prostatic carcinoma.
Congenital duodenal diaphragm: conversion of stable chronic symptoms to subacute gastric outlet obstruction by penetrating foreign body.
The increased frequency of cervical dysplasia-neoplasia in women infected with the human immunodeficiency virus is related to the degree of immunosuppression.
Mucogenic secondary open-angle glaucoma in diffuse epithelial ingrowth treated by block-excision.
Substance abuse and cerebral blood flow.
Self-injurious behavior: a review of the behavior and biology of self-mutilation.
Characteristics of 60 adult chronic hair pullers.
Transdermal nicotine and smoking behavior in psychiatric patients.
Diagnostic peritoneal lavage. Limited indications due to evolving concepts in trauma care.
Management of subglottic stenosis in the adult.
Serum levels of bone Gla-protein in inhabitants exposed to environmental cadmium.
Proportion of lung and bladder cancers in males resulting from occupation: a systematic approach
Splenic trauma. Choice of management.
Humoral immunity in surgical patients with and without trauma.
Increased gut permeability following burn trauma.
Street-recruited intravenous drug users and sexual risk reduction in New York City.
Surveillance of AIDS in the European Community: recent trends and predictions to 1991.
T-cell subsets and serum immunoglobulin levels in infants born to HIV-seropositive mothers: a longitudinal evaluation.
Injecting drug use and female street-working prostitution in Glasgow.
Downregulation of the platelet surface glycoprotein Ib-IX complex in whole blood stimulated by thrombin, adenosine diphosphate, or an in vivo wound.
Superior humeral dislocation. A complication following decompression and debridement for rotator cuff tears.
The surgical treatment of severe comminuted intraarticular fractures of the distal radius with the small AO external fixation device. A prospective three-and-one-half-year follow-up study.
A semiinvasive method for articular Colles' fractures.
Diagnostic and operative arthroscopy of the wrist.
Intercondylar notch measurements with special reference to anterior cruciate ligament surgery.
Anterior-cruciate-insufficient knees treated with physiotherapy. A three-year follow-up study of patients with late diagnosis.
Dislocation of the knee.
Varus of the talus in the ankle mortise secondary to calcaneus fracture. A case report.
Recovery from disturbed colonic transit time after alcohol withdrawal.
The role of continued drinking in loss of portal perfusion after distal splenorenal shunt.
Chronic rupture of the Achilles tendon: a new technique of repair.
Management of pseudarthrosis after arthrodesis of the spine for idiopathic scoliosis.
Lumbosacral evoked potentials and vesicourethral function in patients with chronic suprasacral spinal cord injury.
Radiation-induced optic neuropathy: a magnetic resonance imaging study.
Blunt traumatic rupture of the heart and pericardium: a ten-year experience (1979-1989).
The rat lung organotypic culture: an in vitro model for studying surfactant metabolism abnormalities.
Functional outcome of pediatric trauma patients identified as 'non-salvageable survivors'.
Optimal escort for interhospital transport of pediatric emergencies.
Relative effects of brain and non-brain injuries on neuropsychological and psychosocial outcome.
Humeral mobility after treatment with hanging cast.
Results of operative treatment for intra-articular fractures of the calcaneus.
Differential regulation of T- and B-lymphocyte activation in severely burned patients.
Sonographic screening of mass casualties for abdominal and renal injuries following the 1988 Armenian earthquake.
Computed tomography in the evaluation of the aorta in patients sustaining blunt chest trauma.
Delayed diagnosis of extremity injuries in patients with multiple injuries.
Timing of osteosynthesis of major fractures in patients with severe brain injury.
Successful replantation of both legs in a child--5-year followup: case report.
Isolated hyoid bone fracture: a case report and review of the literature.
Ossified chronic subdural hematoma: case report.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy after clavicle fracture: case report.
Spontaneous healing of a traumatic thoracic aortic tear: case report.
Pathologic fracture through a solitary enchondroma of the radial diaphysis: case report.
Thoracoabdominal repair of a post-traumatic aortorenal vein fistula following a previous transabdominal attempt: case report.
Hepatic portal venous gas identified by computed tomography in a patient with blunt abdominal trauma: a case report.
Intracranial bullet migration--a sign of brain abscess: case report.
The role of computerized tomography in the diagnosis of an occult femoral neck fracture associated with an ipsilateral femoral shaft fracture: case report.
Bilateral fracture-dislocation of the sacroiliac joint: a case report.
Traumatic renal avulsion into the chest: case report.
Educational status and drinking patterns: how representative are college students?
Associations between alcohol and cocaine use in a sample of problem-drinking employees.
Sex differences in personality traits and coping styles of hospitalized alcoholics.
The effectiveness of alcoholism screening in an ambulatory care setting.
Patient factors predicting early alcohol-related readmissions for alcoholics: role of alcoholism severity and psychiatric co-morbidity.
The long-term course of treated alcoholism: I. Mortality, relapse and remission rates and comparisons with community controls.
Factors associated with alcohol use in later adolescence.
Changes in anxiety among abstinent male alcoholics.
Antisocial alcoholics: are there clinically significant diagnostic subtypes?
Development of a measure examining children's roles in alcoholic families.
Children of alcoholic parents in the community.
Snow skiing for the physically disabled.
Spontaneous renal rupture during pregnancy.
Traumatic intracranial aneurysms caused by missiles: their presentation and management.
Rupture of a giant carotid aneurysm after extracranial-to-intracranial bypass surgery.
Nitinol gooseneck snare for removal of foreign bodies: experimental study and clinical evaluation.
Nerve root avulsion of birth palsy: comparison of myelography with CT myelography and somatosensory evoked potential.
Tears of cruciate ligaments and menisci: evaluation with cine MR imaging.
Maternal predictors of fetal demise in trauma during pregnancy.
Bull horn injuries.
Skateboarding injuries in children. A second wave.
Predicting onset and chronicity of women's problem drinking: a five-year longitudinal analysis.
A prospective, randomized study of three surgical techniques for treatment of acute ruptures of the anterior cruciate ligament.
On the importance of planned health education. Prevention of ski injury as an example.
Meniscus repair in the anterior cruciate deficient knee.
The conservative treatment of the anterior cruciate deficient knee.
Prevention of common overuse injuries by the use of shock absorbing insoles. A prospective study.
Cerebellar and frontal hypometabolism in alcoholic cerebellar degeneration studied with positron emission tomography.
Diagnostic capabilities of magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography in acute cervical spinal column injury.
Evaluation of minor head trauma in children younger than two years.
Bilateral vocal cord hematomas associated with shoulder harness use.
Saltpeter ingestion.
Tension pneumothorax associated with hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Histology of the lens in the Weill-Marchesani syndrome.
Radiation-associated valvular disease.
Barium sulfate bronchography. Report of a complication.
Circulating tumor necrosis factor, interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 concentrations in chronic alcoholic patients.
Pancreatic pseudocyst in the left hepatic lobe: a report of two cases.
The 1990 Everett Idris Evans memorial lecture: the inhalation injury.
Hageman factor-dependent kinin activation in burns and its theoretical relationship to postburn immunosuppression syndrome and infection.
Persistence of fetal bovine serum proteins in human keratinocytes.
Time course of alterations in lung lymph and bronchial blood flows after inhalation injury.
Determination of tissue viability in experimental electrical injuries.
Elevated serum aluminum levels in severely burned patients who are receiving large quantities of albumin.
Observations on stability and contraction of composite skin grafts: xenodermis or allodermis with an isograft overlay.
Burns from hot oil and grease: a public health hazard.
Bad advice; bad burn: a new problem in burn prevention.
A descriptive summary of New Jersey's 1985 burn population.
Infection control in a burn center.
Sudden death and sleeping history among Finnish men.
Drugs and femoral neck fracture: a case-control study.
Job dimensions associated with severe disability due to cardiovascular disease.
Lag screw fixation of mandibular angle fractures.
Controlled drinking, treatment effectiveness, and the disease model of addiction: a commentary on the ideological wishes of Stanton Peele.
A spreadsheet for AIDS: estimating heterosexual injection drug user population size from AIDS statistics in San Francisco.
Should alcoholics compete equally for liver transplantation?
Alcoholics and liver transplantation. The Ethics and Social Impact Committee of the Transplant and Health Policy Center.
Are universal precautions effective in reducing the number of occupational exposures among health care workers? A prospective study of physicians on a medical service
The clinical course of osteoporosis in anorexia nervosa. A longitudinal study of cortical bone mass.
Catastrophic injuries and fatalities in high school and college sports, fall 1982-spring 1988.
Hydrocephalus: overdrainage by ventricular shunts. A review and recommendations.
Antivenom therapy in Russell's viper bite.
Immune function and anti-HTLV-I/II status in anti-HIV-1-negative intravenous drug users receiving methadone.
Characteristics of natural antibody responses to the circumsporozoite protein of Plasmodium vivax.
Venomous snakebite in eastern Ecuador.
Midazolam-induced benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome
Rupture of the oesophagus during cricoid pressure
Flexion-extension views in the evaluation of cervical-spine injuries.
Use of clinical toxicology resources by emergency physicians and its impact on poison control centers.
Toxicology screening of the trauma patient: a changing profile.
China White epidemic: an eastern United States emergency department experience.
The cardiovascular effects of cocaine.
Flumazenil: a new benzodiazepine antagonist.
Ultrasound for the detection of foreign bodies.
Delayed onset of cardiac arrhythmias from sustained-release verapamil.
Poisoning with equine phenylbutazone in a racetrack worker.
Estimation of myocardial ischemic injury during ventricular fibrillation with total circulatory arrest using high-energy phosphates and lactate as metabolic markers.
The empiric use of naloxone in patients with altered mental status: a reappraisal.
The "fallen lung with absent hilum" signs of complete bronchial transection [published erratum appears in Ann Emerg Med 1991 Jun;20(6):671]
The prevalence of tardive dyskinesia in neuroleptic-treated diabetics. A controlled study.
Review of clinical experience with digoxin immune Fab (ovine).
Risk factors and manifestations of digoxin toxicity in the elderly.
Results of multicenter studies of digoxin-specific antibody fragments in managing digitalis intoxication in the pediatric population.
Experience with digoxin immune Fab (ovine) in patients with renal impairment.
Which cardiac disturbances should be treated with digoxin immune Fab (ovine) antibody?
Recognition and management of digitalis intoxication: implications for emergency medicine.
Allergic histories and reactions of patients treated with digoxin immune Fab (ovine) antibody. The Digibind Study Advisory Panel.
Muscle biopsy for diagnosis of malignant hyperthermia susceptibility in two patients with severe exercise-induced myolysis.
Changing patterns in the management of fractures in children.
Traumatic subarachnoid-pleural fistula in a child. A case report.
Influences of the protected passive mobilization interval on flexor tendon healing. A prospective randomized clinical study.
Fracture of the index metacarpal base with subluxation of the trapeziometacarpal joint. A case report.
A test for knee posterolateral rotatory instability.
Pes anserinus interposition in a proximal tibial physeal fracture. A case report.
Knee function after surgical or nonsurgical treatment of acute rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament: a randomized study with a long-term follow-up period.
Magnetic resonance imaging for ineffectual tarsal tunnel surgical treatment.
The occurrence of accessory immunologic cells in bone induction.
The stimulating effect of growth hormone on fracture healing is dependent on onset and duration of administration.
Surgical treatment of brachial plexus birth palsy.
Mechanical ventilation in medical and neurological diseases: 11 years of experience.
Patterns of neuropsychological impairment after severe blunt head injury.
Individualized care for the treatment of alcoholism.
Staffing patterns of American methadone maintenance programs.
Depression among alcoholics in a Turkish sample.
A seromuscular stripping method to create a nipple valve without metal stapling for continent urinary reservoir.
Management of auto-emasculation in the psychotic state.
Bladder perforation resulting from the use of the neodymium:YAG laser.
Thigh muscle function after partial tear of the medial ligament compartment of the knee.
Paralytic shellfish poisoning--Massachusetts and Alaska, 1990 [published erratum appears in MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1991 Apr 12;40(14):242]
Evidence that histamine is the causative toxin of scombroid-fish poisoning
Transient hypoparathyroidism during acute alcohol intoxication.
Spinal cord compression from a thoracic paraganglioma: case report.
Epidemiology of ocular complications of childhood head trauma
It may be more significant than you think: BB air rifle injury to a child's head.
Posttraumatic cortical blindness: are we missing the diagnosis in children?
Delayed brachial artery occlusion owing to a dog bite of the upper extremity.
Presentation and management of an acute caffeine overdose.
Early definitive bone and soft-tissue reconstruction of major gunshot wounds of the face.
The healing of facial bone fractures by the process of secondary union.
Analysis of the soft-tissue response to components used in the manufacture of breast implants: rat animal model.
Further experience in rehabilitation of zone II flexor tendon repair with dynamic traction splinting.
Island flap supplied by the dorsal branch of the ulnar artery.
Efficiency of opaque photoprotective agents in the visible light range.
Indications for computed tomography in children with blunt abdominal trauma.
Strut fixation of an extensive flail chest.
Anemia after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Electrophysiologic investigation of mandibular nerve injury.
A cellist with arm pain: thermal asymmetry in scalenus anticus syndrome.
Candida pyelonephritis complicating traumatic C5 quadriplegia: diagnosis and management.
Operative exposure of the abdominal arteries for trauma.
Why surgeons prefer not to care for trauma patients.
The use of a biodegradable mesh to prevent radiation-associated small-bowel injury.
Frontal dysfunction and memory deficits in the alcoholic Korsakoff syndrome and Alzheimer-type dementia.
Serious childhood injuries caused by air guns.
Adequate resuscitation of burn patients may not be measured by urine output and vital signs.
Outcome following prolonged intensive care unit stay in multiple trauma patients.
Predictors of postextubation stridor in pediatric trauma patients.
Helium-oxygen mixture in the treatment of postextubation stridor in pediatric trauma patients.
Age effects susceptibility to pulmonary barotrauma in rabbits.
Markers of chronic alcohol ingestion in patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis: an aid to diagnosis.
An unusual treatment for a rare dilemma (oesophageal foreign body).
Differences in access to zidovudine (AZT) among symptomatic HIV-infected persons.
Occlusion of the brachial artery by thrombus dislodged from a traumatic aneurysm of the anterior humeral circumflex artery.
Mortality among workers at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Evidence of radiation effects in follow-up through 1984 [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Aug 7;266(5):657]
Motor vehicle crash injury patterns and the Virginia seat belt law.
Blood contacts during surgical procedures
Increased airways reactivity after smoke inhalation.
Cutaneous hypersensitivity reactions due to thiacetazone in HIV-1 seropositive patients treated for tuberculosis
Efficacy of eyepad in corneal healing after corneal foreign body removal
The internal oblique-iliac crest free flap in composite defects of the oral cavity involving bone, skin, and mucosa.
Anterior cruciate ligament injuries. Evaluation, arthroscopic reconstruction, and rehabilitation.
Stress fractures in athletes.
Meniscal injuries.
Diagnosis and treatment of shoulder injuries in the athlete.
Common spinal injuries in athletes.
The foot and footwear.
That old hip. The osteoporosis process.
Pelvic fracture patient care. Reflections on the past, implications for the future.
Bone stimulators for fusions and fractures.
Traumatic vulvar hematomas. Assessing and treating nonobstetric patients.
Spinal cord injury after subclavian flap aortoplasty. An experimental study in piglets.
Community-acquired pulmonary infections in a public municipal hospital in the 1980s.
Transdermal clonidine versus chlordiazepoxide in alcohol withdrawal: a randomized, controlled clinical trial.
Patients with mental disorders who work.
Pediatric injury surveillance: use of a hospital discharge data base.
Fatal incidents involving pickup trucks in Alabama.
Management of arginine monohydrochloride extravasation in the forearm.
Spontaneous rupture of a normal bladder.
Spontaneous rupture of the stomach in an adult.
Isolated subclavian artery dissection after blunt trauma.
Methamphetamine. Stimulant of the 1990s?
Histologic abnormalities of large and small coronary arteries, neural structures, and the conduction system of the heart found in postmortem studies of individuals dying from the toxic oil syndrome.
Extraction of implanted transvenous pacing leads: a review of a persistent clinical problem.
Marked plasmacytosis and immunoglobulin abnormalities following infusion of streptokinase.
Platelet-derived growth factor-BB and transforming growth factor beta 1 selectively modulate glycosaminoglycans, collagen, and myofibroblasts in excisional wounds.
Emergency laparoscopy.
Clinical utility of a position-monitoring catheter in the pulmonary artery.
Tuberculosis in house staff. A decision analysis comparing the tuberculin screening strategy with the BCG vaccination.
Is the clinical history a satisfactory means of diagnosing occupational asthma?
Panlobular emphysema in young intravenous Ritalin abusers.
Characteristics of patients with syphilis attending Baltimore STD clinics. Multiple high-risk subgroups and interactions with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Suboptimal response to hepatitis B vaccine in drug users.
Splenic artery aneurysm rupture [published erratum appears in Am J Emerg Med 1991 Mar;9(2):205]
Intraoperative electron beam radiation therapy for recurrent locally advanced rectal or rectosigmoid carcinoma.
Sunlight and dysplastic nevus risk. Results of a clinic-based case-control study.
The effectiveness of double-gloving in otolaryngology.
Psychological reaction to hospitalization and illness in the emergency department.
Drug-induced psychoses.
Cyclic antidepressants, lithium, and neuroleptic agents. Pharmacology and toxicology.
Interlocking intramedullary nailing for supracondylar and intercondylar fractures of the distal part of the femur.
Double-plating of comminuted, unstable fractures of the distal part of the femur.
The joint-contact area of the ankle. The contribution of the posterior malleolus.
Radiographic assessment of instability of the knee due to rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament. A quadriceps-contraction technique.
Chronic posterior subluxation and dislocation of the radial head.
Survivorship analysis of total knee arthroplasty. Cumulative rates of survival of 9200 total knee arthroplasties.
Ipsilateral fractures of the femur and tibia in children and adolescents.
Posterolateral rotatory instability of the elbow.
Mediastinal widening associated with fractures of the upper thoracic spine.
A histological and flow cytometric study of dog brain endothelial cell injuries in delayed radiation necrosis.
Vertical odontoid fracture. Case report.
Treatment of mice with sepsis following irradiation and trauma with antibiotics and synthetic trehalose dicorynomycolate (S-TDCM).
Subtrochanteric fractures treated with interlocking nailing.
Clenbuterol decreases catabolism and increases hypermetabolism in burned rats.
The value of intubating and paralyzing patients with suspected head injury in the emergency department.
Class C firework injuries in a pediatric population.
Pediatric bicycle trauma.
Carotid and vertebral artery injury in survivors of atlanto-occipital dislocation: case reports and literature review.
Irreducible skin penetration of the ulnar head in Colles fracture--case report.
Rhabdomyolysis and renal failure following a wolf attack: case report.
Splenic laceration secondary to closed chest massage: successful recognition and management--case report.
Effect of leukocyte stimulation on rabbit immune complex glomerulonephritis.
Migration inhibition factor in acute serum sickness nephritis.
Large asymptomatic antrolith of the maxillary sinus. Report of a case.
Rheumatic disease of temporomandibular joint with development of anterior disk displacement as revealed by magnetic resonance imaging. A case report.
Facial fractures and bone healing in the geriatric patient.
An evaluation of three blood pressure methods in a stabilized acute trauma population.
Cardiovascular sequelae of therapeutic thoracic radiation.
A prospective study of work perceptions and psychosocial factors affecting the report of back injury [published erratum appears in Spine 1991 Jun;16(6):688]
Anterior decompression and stabilization of thoracolumbar burst fractures by the use of the Slot-Zielke device.
Spinal cord injuries. Clinical, functional, and emotional status.
Inner-city trauma centers. Financial burdens or community saviors?
Principles of ballistics applicable to the treatment of gunshot wounds.
Diagnostic modalities in abdominal trauma. Peritoneal lavage, ultrasonography, computed tomography scanning, and arteriography.
Management of penetrating neck injuries. The controversy surrounding zone II injuries.
Penetrating orthopedic injuries.
Penetrating craniocerebral trauma.
Extremity replantation.
Vertical deceleration trauma. Principles of management.
New horizons in management of hypothermia and frostbite injury.
Soft-tissue infections after trauma.
Inhalation injuries and burns in the inner city.
Missed injuries. The trauma surgeon's nemesis.
Nautical accidents. Unique injuries.
Stroke after heavy marijuana smoking.
Detection of active intraabdominal arterial hemorrhage: value of dynamic contrast-enhanced CT.
Repair of Achilles tendon ruptures with a polylactic acid implant: assessment with MR imaging.
Extension of growth-plate cartilage into the metaphysis: a sign of healing fracture in abused infants.
Normal metaphyseal radiologic variants not to be confused with findings of infant abuse.
Anergy in pediatric head trauma patients.
The occupational history in the primary care setting.
Clinical and epidemiological features of neurotoxic shellfish poisoning in North Carolina.
A randomized, controlled trial of the use of music during laceration repair.
Endocarditis in the emergency department.
Delayed presentation of intrapericardial diaphragmatic hernia, an unusual cause of colon obstruction.
Attack of the sand brier.
Bilaminate synthetic dressing for partial thickness burns. Lack of cost reduction for inpatient care.
The failure of serial pneumatic cuff venous occlusion plethysmography to predict patients at risk for pulmonary emboli after trauma.
Rehabilitation in spinal cord disorders. 1. Epidemiology, prevention, and system of care of spinal cord disorders.
Rehabilitation in spinal cord disorders. 2. Anatomy, pathogenesis, and research for neurologic recovery.
Rehabilitation in spinal cord disorders. 4. Outcomes and issues of aging after spinal cord injury.
Ocular injuries caused by elastic cords [published erratum appears in Arch Ophthalmol 1991 Jun;109(6):878]
Topical fibronectin in an alkali burn model of corneal ulceration in rabbits.
Sonographic detection of foreign bodies of the extremities.
Should urologists wear spectacles for transurethral resection of the prostate?
Sperm retrieval by electro-ejaculation. Preliminary experience in patients with secondary anejaculation.
Postoperative radiation therapy for rectal cancer. An interim analysis of a prospective, randomized multicenter trial in The Netherlands.
Postictal psychosis after partial complex seizures: a multiple case study.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and Escherichia coli urosepsis.
Free vascularised fibular grafts for congenital pseudarthrosis of the tibia.
Acute compartment syndrome. Effect of dermotomy on fascial decompression in the leg.
Coracoclavicular screw fixation for unstable fractures of the distal clavicle. A report of five cases.
Four-part valgus impacted fractures of the proximal humerus.
Forearm fractures in children. Cast treatment with the elbow extended.
External fixation for intra-articular fractures of the distal radius.
Unstable Colles' fractures in elderly patients. A randomised trial of external fixation for redisplacement.
The treatment of Colles' fracture. Immobilisation with the wrist dorsiflexed.
Compound tibial fractures with bone loss treated by the Ilizarov technique.
Bipolar hemiarthroplasty for subcapital fracture of the femoral neck. A prospective randomised trial of cemented Thompson and uncemented Moore stems.
Open fractures of the pelvis. Review of 43 cases.
Fixation of intertrochanteric fractures of the femur. A randomised prospective comparison of the gamma nail and the dynamic hip screw.
Lack of bone accretion and amenorrhea: evidence for a relative osteopenia in weight-bearing bones.
In-hospital sting challenge in insect venom-allergic patients after stopping venom immunotherapy
Honeybee venom allergy: results of a sting challenge 1 year after stopping successful venom immunotherapy in 86 patients
HIV disease in the intravenous drug user: role of the primary care physician.
Caring for women at risk of HIV infection.
Controversies in the management of HIV-related illnesses.
Small-vessel pathology and anastomosis following maxillofacial firearm wounds: an experimental study.
Correction of condylar displacement following intraoral vertical ramus osteotomy.
The value of arthrography in the decision-making process regarding surgery for internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint.
Evaluation of antibiotic-supplemented bone allograft in a rabbit model.
An objective criterion for the cessation of deferoxamine therapy in the acutely iron poisoned patient.
Isopropanol ingestion: a report of six episodes with isopropanol and acetone serum concentration time data.
Hospitalizations due to poisonings in Finland--1978-1984.
Acute arsenical myopathy: morphological description.
Bialaphos poisoning with apnea and metabolic acidosis.
Full recovery after a chloroquine suicide attempt.
Demographic and electrocardiographic factors associated with severe tricyclic antidepressant toxicity.
Diltiazem overdose: pharmacokinetics of diltiazem and its metabolites and effect of multiple dose charcoal therapy.
Immunotherapy in acute arsenic poisoning.
Hypertension as an unusual feature in an outbreak of tetrodotoxin poisoning.
Red blood cell and total blood acetylcholinesterase and plasma pseudocholinesterase in humans: observed variances.
Taiwan National Poison Center survey of glyphosate--surfactant herbicide ingestions.
Repair of pelvic fracture posterior urethral defects using an elaborated perineal approach: experience with 74 cases.
Ultrastructural changes in impotent penile tissue: a comparison of 65 patients.
Decreasing the risk of human immunodeficiency virus or hepatitis B virus infection during endoscopic surgery.
Diagnosis of magnesium-induced diarrhea
Neuralgic amyotrophy in association with radiation therapy for Hodgkin's disease.
Newly designed continuous corneal irrigation system for chemical burns.
Chronic diffuse interstitial lung disease: diagnostic value of chest radiography and high-resolution CT.
Wrist arthrography: value of the three-compartment injection method.
Diagnostic quality and complications of hysterosalpingography: oil- versus water-soluble contrast media--a randomized prospective study.
The toddler's cuboid fracture.
Ischemic intestinal complications in patients with burns.
Penetrating injuries to the stomach.
Complications associated with needle localization biopsy of the breast.
Results of intracoronary stents for management of coronary dissection after balloon angioplasty.
Controlled discontinuation of benzodiazepine treatment for patients with panic disorder.
Is caffeine withdrawal the mechanism of postoperative headache?
Pollen allergy to mimosa (Acacia floribunda) in a Mediterranean area: an occupational disease.
Delayed pharyngoesophageal perforation: a complication of anterior spine surgery.
Cancer incidence among foundry workers in Denmark.
Silicosis and lung cancer in U.S. metal miners.
Exposure factors for HIV-1 infection among heterosexual drug abusers in New Jersey treatment programs [published erratum appears in AIDS Res Hum Retroviruses 1991 Mar;7(3):360]
Blood lead levels in children and pregnant women living near a lead-reclamation plant.
Tanning salons: an area survey of proprietors' knowledge of risks and precautions.
Cimetidine in the treatment of acetaminophen overdose.
Gunshot entrance wound abrasion ring width as a function of projectile diameter and velocity.
A comparison of three computer models for prediction of dose in acute amitriptyline overdose.
The toxicological examination of the victims of the British Air Tours Boeing 737 accident at Manchester in 1985.
Blunt trauma of the abdomen in children.
Urine screening practices in methadone maintenance clinics. A survey of how the results are used.
Age-related effects of chronic ethanol intake on vitamin A status in Fisher 344 rats.
National AIDS incidence trends and the extent of zidovudine therapy in selected demographic and transmission groups.
Blind serosurvey of HIV antibodies in newborns in 92 Italian hospitals: a method for monitoring the infection rate in women at time of delivery.
Preventing eye injuries. What to tell patients.
Alcoholism. Are you missing the diagnosis?
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome. When levodopa withdrawal is the cause.
Salicylate poisoning from enteric-coated aspirin. Delayed absorption may complicate management.
Displaced orbital roof fractures: presentation and treatment.
Penile reconstruction for a victim of electrical injury with bilateral below-elbow amputations.
Central nervous system bioaminergic responses to mechanical trauma. An experimental study.
Spinal cord decompression via a modified costotransversectomy approach combined with posterior instrumentation for management of metastatic neoplasms of the thoracic spine.
Transcranial stab wounds: morbidity and medicolegal awareness.
Safe use of codeine in the recovering alcoholic or addict.
Diagnosis and management of phencyclidine intoxication.
Arthroscopic acromioclavicular joint resection. An anatomical study.
Axial loading injuries to the middle cervical spine segment. An analysis and classification of twenty-five cases.
Preseason strength and flexibility imbalances associated with athletic injuries in female collegiate athletes.
Physician care for interscholastic athletes in Michigan.
Sports-related Kienbock's disease.
Bilateral infrapatellar tendon rupture in a patient with jumper's knee.
An objective comparison of intrathecal lidocaine versus fentanyl for the treatment of lower extremity spasticity.
Effect of prednisolone treatment in chronic silicosis.
Enhanced expression of CD2 antigen on lung T cells.
Acute silicosis due to inhalation of a domestic product.
The effectiveness of different methods of defining traumatic brain injury in predicting postdischarge adjustment in a spinal cord injury population.
Time of rehabilitation admission and severity of trauma: effect on brain injury outcome.
Saphenous nerve entrapment caused by pes anserine bursitis mimicking stress fracture of the tibia.
Topical silicone gel for the prevention and treatment of hypertrophic scar.
Standard v lightweight wheelchair propulsion in spinal cord injured patients.
Percutaneous extraction of fractured guidewire from distal right coronary artery.
Transseptal catheterization technique: a simple safety procedure.
Full-thickness rotator-cuff tear. An analysis of results.
Valgus stability of the elbow. A definition of primary and secondary constraints.
"Ratchet-type" marginal fracture of the radial head with locked anterior dislocation. A case report.
Traumatic dislocation of the hip.
The early diagnosis and treatment of developmental patella infera syndrome.
Locked intramedullary fixation for metaphyseal malunion and nonunion.
Angular remodeling of midshaft forearm fractures in children.
Congenital pseudarthrosis of the forearm and fibula. A case report.
Creatine kinase MB elevation in paralytic shellfish poisoning.
Reversible brain death. A manifestation of amitriptyline overdose.
Comparison of peak expiratory flow rate and FEV1 in assessing bronchomotor tone after challenges with occupational sensitizers.
Increased airways responsiveness in swine farmers.
Human initial responses to immersion in cold water at three temperatures and after hyperventilation.
Endocardial resection in the treatment of ventricular tachycardia secondary to cardiac trauma.
Comparison of saliva and blood for human immunodeficiency virus prevalence testing.
A model of pneumococcal pneumonia in chronically intoxicated rats.
Alcohol abuse and alcoholism in primary health care settings.
Transient entrapment neuropathy of the posterior interosseous nerve in violin players.
Effect of selective elimination of the oral flora on mucositis in irradiated head and neck cancer patients.
Efficacy and complications of radiotherapy of anterior visual pathway tumors.
Treatment of spinal cord compression by epidural malignancy in childhood.
Barbed spear injury to the skull base: case report.
Participation of serotonergic mechanisms in the pathophysiology of experimental neoplastic spinal cord compression.
Open reduction and internal rigid fixation of subcondylar fractures via an intraoral approach.
Subcutaneous emphysema producing airway compromise after anesthesia for reduction of a mandibular fracture. A case report and review of the literature.
Experimental oral foreign body reactions: vegetable materials.
Electronic thermography in the assessment of internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint. A pilot study.
Prospective observations of 100 high-risk neonates by high-field (1.5 Tesla) magnetic resonance imaging of the central nervous system: I. Intraventricular and extracerebral lesions.
Cocaine addiction: psychology and neurophysiology [published erratum appears in Science 1991 Aug 2;253(5019):494]
Traumatic occipitoatlantal dislocation.
Surgical decompressive procedures for cervical spondylotic myelopathy. A study using magnetic resonance imaging.
Multiple noncontiguous spine fractures.
Improved postoperative course after spinous process segmental instrumentation of thoracolumbar fractures.
Correlations between vertebral regional bone mineral density (rBMD) and whole bone fracture load.
Routes and incidence of communication of lumbar discs with surrounding neural structures.
The effect of omental pedicle graft transfer on spinal microcirculation and laminectomy membrane formation.
Stress fracture of the lumbar pedicle. Case reports of "pediculolysis" and review of the literature.
Ocular motor abnormalities from head trauma.
Management of blow-out fractures of the orbital floor [editorial]
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and adolescents. Knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors of runaway and homeless youths.
The total iron-binding capacity in iron poisoning. Is it useful?
Mineral metabolism and calcitriol therapy in idiopathic juvenile osteoporosis.
Pancreatic ascites: treatment by continuous somatostatin infusion.
Acute psychoses associated with the use of ciprofloxacin and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
Pseudoaneurysm of the abdominal aorta: a case report and review of the literature.
Inpatient theophylline toxicity: preventable factors.
A comparison of rust-ring removal methods in a rabbit model: small-gauge hypodermic needle versus electric drill.
Effect of transdermal nicotine delivery as an adjunct to low-intervention smoking cessation therapy. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study.
Cyclic antidepressants and the risk of hip fracture.
Chronic alcoholic gastritis. Roles of alcohol and Helicobacter pylori.
Intravenous methylphenidate abuse. Prototype for prescription drug abuse.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome in Parkinson's disease after withdrawal or alteration of dopaminergic therapy.
Traumatic hyphaema: a retrospective study of 314 cases.
Recurrent corneal oedema following late migration of intraocular glass.
Bone mineral content in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: relationship to low-dose steroid therapy.
Liver failure occurring as a component of exertional heatstroke.
Severe thrombocytopenia after paracetamol overdose.
Why do lean hypertensives have higher mortality rates than other hypertensives? Findings of the Hypertension Detection and Follow-up Program.
Low-molecular-weight heparinoid compared with warfarin for prophylaxis of deep-vein thrombosis in patients who are operated on for fracture of the hip. A prospective, randomized trial.
Anterior spinal fixation after lumbar corpectomy. A study in dogs [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Jul;73(6):952]
Upper-airway obstruction after multilevel cervical corpectomy for myelopathy.
Interlocking nailing for the treatment of femoral fractures due to gunshot wounds.
Foreign bodies in the throat: a prospective study of 388 cases.
Unusual complication of an ingested foreign body.
Venous infarction following the interhemispheric approach in patients with acute subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Correlation of the extracellular glutamate concentration with extent of blood flow reduction after subdural hematoma in the rat.
Acute central nervous system complications after pulse steroid therapy in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Resident physician substance use in the United States
Substance use among senior medical students. A survey of 23 medical schools
Epidural anesthesia, episiotomy, and obstetric laceration.
Sexual assault in pregnancy.
Intravitreal suture: a complication of pterygium surgery.
Industrial back pain complaints. A broader perspective.
The role of transpedicular fixation systems for stabilization of the lumbar spine.
Glenoid labrum: evaluation with MR imaging.
Arsenic exposures in Mississippi: a review of cases.
Posttraumatic stress disorder in burn patients.
Iron lung: bronchoscopic and pathological consequences of aspiration of ferrous sulphate.
Alcohol and aldehyde dehydrogenase genotypes and alcoholism in Chinese men.
Effects of an intervention program on AIDS-related drug and needle behavior among intravenous drug users.
A comparison of injury death rates in China and the United States, 1986.
Evaluating needle exchange: do distributed needles come back?
HIV-1 prevalence in selected Tijuana sub-populations.
The donation and sale of blood by intravenous drug users.
Occupational asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis from inhalation of crystalline bovine serum albumin powder.
Aztreonam pharmacokinetics in burn patients.
Effects of acute and chronic ethanol administration on thiamine metabolizing enzymes in some brain areas and in other organs of the rat.
Blood thiamine and thiamine phosphate concentrations in excessive drinkers with or without peripheral neuropathy.
Acamprosate appears to decrease alcohol intake in weaned alcoholics.
Genotyping study of alcohol dehydrogenase class I polymorphism in French patients with alcoholic cirrhosis. The French Group for Research on Alcohol and Liver.
In vivo accelerated acetaldehyde metabolism using acetaldehyde dehydrogenase-loaded erythrocytes.
The effects of swabbing the skin on apparent blood ethanol concentration.
Liver histology, blood biochemistry and RNA, DNA and subcellular protein composition of various skeletal muscles of rats with experimental cirrhosis: implications for alcoholic muscle disease.
Selective antagonistic effects of exposure to bright light on the hypothermic action of ethanol.
Profiles of ethanol-induced microsomal alkoxyresorufin (alkoxyphenoxazone) O-dealkylation: comparison with phenobarbital- and Aroclor 1254-induced systems.
Alcohol use and limitations in physical functioning in a sample of the Los Angeles general population.
Young people and drinking: results of an English national survey.
Teenage heavy drinkers: alcohol-related knowledge, beliefs, experiences, motivation and the social context of drinking.
Alcohol training in south-east England: a survey and evaluation.
Gunshot wound of the abdomen: role of selective conservative management.
Major trauma: a district general hospital experience.
The effect of palliative radiation therapy on epidural compression due to metastatic malignant melanoma.
Keeping fit when injured.
Rebound insomnia after only brief and intermittent use of rapidly eliminated benzodiazepines.
Effects of prolonged transesophageal echocardiographic imaging and probe manipulation on the esophagus--an echocardiographic-pathologic study.
Acute catastrophic complications of balloon aortic valvuloplasty. The Mansfield Scientific Aortic Valvuloplasty Registry Investigators.
Alcohol craving in rehabilitation: assessment of nutrition therapy.
HTLV-I/II seroprevalence and HIV/HTLV coinfection among U.S. intravenous drug users.
Renal reconstruction after injury.
Adolescent smoking and drinking: are they "epidemics"?
Alcoholics Anonymous-Narcotics Anonymous model inpatient treatment of chemically dependent adolescents: a 2-year outcome study.
Parental alcoholism: an examination of male and female alcoholics in treatment.
Adult children of alcoholics: profiles of wellness amidst distress.
Female DUI offenders: a comparison to male counterparts and an examination of the effects of intervention on women's recidivism rates.
Agreement between subject and collateral verbal reports of alcohol consumption in older adults.
Alcohol and fatal injuries in Oklahoma.
A change from public to private sale of wine: results from natural experiments in Iowa and West Virginia.
Effect of ultrasound therapy on the repair of Achilles tendon injuries in rats.
Athletic footwear: unsafe due to perceptual illusions.
Risk factors for falls as a cause of hip fracture in women. The Northeast Hip Fracture Study Group.
A family with acquired and inherited blue-yellow axis.
Laser treatment applied to acupuncture points in lateral humeral epicondylalgia. A double-blind study.
Management of the medial canthal tendon in nasoethmoid orbital fractures: the importance of the central fragment in classification and treatment.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome: occurrence in a child after reconstructive surgery.
Salvage of proximal humeral amputations with a remnant forearm flap.
Characteristics of group A streptococcal bacteremia in patients at the San Bernardino County Medical Center [published erratum appears in Rev Infect Dis 1991 May-Jun;13(3):533]
Characteristics of the ideal antibiotic for prevention of wound sepsis among military forces in the field.
Hydroureteronephrosis after spinal cord injury. Effects of lower urinary tract dysfunction on upper tract anatomy.
The assessment and treatment of performance anxiety in musicians.
Changes in brain glucose metabolism in cocaine dependence and withdrawal.
Comparison of acetorphan with clonidine for opiate withdrawal symptoms.
Risk factors for needle sharing among methadone-treated patients.
Not all that moves is tardive dyskinesia.
Imipramine treatment of methadone maintenance patients with affective disorder and illicit drug use.
Hemoglobin-acetaldehyde adducts in human volunteers following acute ethanol ingestion.
The Michigan Alcoholism Screening Test: false positives in a college student sample.
Overall functioning and criteria of progress in rehabilitation of alcohol abusers: longitudinal analyses of changes.
Dichotic asymmetries in aging and alcoholic subjects.
Antioxidant protection systems of rat lung after chronic ethanol inhalation.
Dendritic hypertrophy in Purkinje neurons of old Fischer 344 rats after long-term ethanol treatment.
Alcohol use by alcoholics with and without a history of parental alcoholism.
ABO blood group differences in bone mineral density of recovering alcoholic males.
Effect of abstinence from alcohol on the depression of glutathione peroxidase activity and selenium and vitamin E levels in chronic alcoholic patients.
The adrenocortical response to brain injury: correlation with the severity of neurologic dysfunction, effects of intoxication, and patient outcome.
Esophageal foreign bodies in children. 15-year review of 484 cases.
The effects of alcohol on the female brain: a neuropathological study.
The age dependence of the activity and activation of human red blood cell transketolase.
Quantitative analysis of basal dendrites of prefrontal pyramidal cells after chronic alcohol consumption and withdrawal in the adult rat.
Changes in protein, RNA and DNA and rates of protein synthesis in muscle-containing tissues of the mature rat in response to ethanol feeding: a comparative study of heart, small intestine and gastrocnemius muscle.
Ethanol-induced inhibition of testosterone biosynthesis in rat Leydig cells: role of mitochondrial substrate shuttles and citrate.
Functional and structural adaptation of the parotid gland to medium-term chronic ethanol exposure in the rat.
Abnormal low density lipoproteins composition in some chronic alcoholics: a possible mechanism.
The relative value of consultation, questionnaires and laboratory investigation in the identification of excessive alcohol consumption.
Intellectual impairment in male alcoholics.
Psychoactive substance use disorder in youth suicide.
Wilderness emergency medical services: the experiences at Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks.
An evaluation of physiological parameters of stress in the emergency department.
Clinical comparison of ocular irrigation fluids following chemical injury.
Bilateral chylothorax following jugular catheterization in a woman with complete situs inversus.
Dextromethorphan poisoning reversed by naloxone.
Massive bilateral diaphragmatic rupture after an apparently minor automobile accident.
Severe cyanide poisoning from the ingestion of an acetonitrile-containing cosmetic.
Cyanide toxicity from acetonitrile-containing false nail remover.
The Edinburgh cohort of HIV-positive drug users: auditory event-related potentials show progressive slowing in patients with Centers for Disease Control stage IV disease.
Salmonella meningitis and infection with HIV.
Blood-borne fragments of fibronectin after thermal injury.
The incidence of fracture of the proximal femur in two million Canadians from 1972 to 1984. Projections for Canada in the year 2006.
Some new trends of biomechanical studies in traumatology and orthopedics.
Dislocation of the peroneal tendons in neonates and infants.
Treatment of forearm fractures by Hoffman external fixation. A study of 93 patients.
Ipsilateral radial head dislocation and radial shaft fracture. A case report.
Plating of the fibula. Its potential value as an adjunct to external fixation of the tibia.
Simulation of compartment syndrome by rupture of the deep femoral artery from blunt trauma.
Autologous marrow injection as a substitute for operative grafting of tibial nonunions.
Forecasting of the course and outcome of shock in severe mechanical traumas.
Foreign-body-associated experimental osteomyelitis induced with Bacteroides fragilis and Staphylococcus epidermidis in rabbits.
Microsurgery in hand and forearm reconstructive surgery.
Lower cranial nerve palsies. Potentially lethal in association with upper cervical fracture-dislocations.
Surgical correction of recurrent volar dislocation of the distal radioulnar joint. A case report.
Per Primam thumb replantation for all patients with traumatic amputations.
Acute ethanol intoxication decreases the likelihood of resuscitation from cardiac arrest in rats.
Efficacy of dopamine and norepinephrine for treatment of hemodynamic compromise in amitriptyline intoxication.
Metsovo lung outside Metsovo. Endemic pleural calcifications in the ophiolite belts of Greece.
Pleuropulmonary complications of endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy.
Spontaneous favorable outcome of tracheal laceration.
Liver damage caused by therapeutic vitamin A administration: estimate of dose-related toxicity in 41 cases.
Erythropoietic protoporphyria: unusual skin and neurological problems after liver transplantation.
Fracture line in post head injury optic nerve damage.
Unusual cause of intranasal injury.
Maxillary sinus barotrauma with fifth cranial nerve involvement.
Changes in C-reactive protein associated with surgical treatment of mandibular fractures.
The transmandibular implant: a 13-year survey of its use.
The transconjunctival approach for treating orbital trauma.
Biomechanical properties of resorbable poly-L-lactide plates and screws: a comparison with traditional systems.
Comparison of the ability of adult and pediatric trauma scores to predict pediatric outcome following major trauma.
Limitations of the TRISS method for interhospital comparisons: a multihospital study.
The use of CT scanning to triage patients requiring admission following minimal head injury.
Helicopter transport of trauma victims: does a physician make a difference?
The role of microvascular free flaps in salvaging below-knee amputation stumps: a review of 22 cases.
The reliability of physical examination in the evaluation of penetrating extremity trauma for vascular injury: results at one year.
Vascular proximity: is it a valid indication for arteriography in asymptomatic patients?
Non-invasive vascular tests reliably exclude occult arterial trauma in injured extremities.
The effect of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) upon burn-induced defective neutrophil chemotaxis.
Role of gastric colonization in the development of pneumonia in critically ill trauma patients: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Fluid resuscitation with deferoxamine prevents systemic burn-induced oxidant injury.
The role of angiography in penetrating neck trauma.
A novel approach to military combat trauma education.
Exclusion of cervical spine injury: a prospective study.
Three cases of femoral head fracture in a single car accident.
Trigger finger: report of an unusual case.
Psychiatric aspects of headache.
An unusual stress fracture in a multiple sport athlete.
Effect of immersion on residual volume of able-bodied and spinal cord injured males.
Mortality among workers exposed to ethylene oxide.
The role of reperfusion-induced injury in the pathogenesis of the crush syndrome.
Serum vitamin D metabolites and bone mineralization in young children with chronic low to moderate lead exposure.
Diphenoxylate-atropine (Lomotil) overdose in children: an update (report of eight cases and review of the literature).
Chronic posttraumatic aortic pseudoaneurysm. Recognition before rupture.
Stress fractures in athletes. How to spot this underdiagnosed injury.
'Designer drugs'. Treating the damage caused by basement chemists.
Severe thrombocytopenia secondary to alcohol use.
Thromboprophylaxis in patients with hip fractures: a prospective, randomized, comparative study between Org 10172 and dextran 70.
Serum transthyretin levels in patients with burn injury.
Topical flurbiprofen decreases burn wound-induced hypermetabolism and systemic lipid peroxidation.
A comparison of polypropylene mesh and expanded polytetrafluoroethylene patch for the repair of contaminated abdominal wall defects--an experimental study.
Management of common finger injuries.
Substance abuse: the designer drugs.
Late recovery of function after oculomotor nerve palsy.
Mental disorders among alcoholics. Relationship to age of onset and cerebrospinal fluid neuropeptides.
Depression among alcoholics. Relationship to clinical and cerebrospinal fluid variables.
Personality and cerebrospinal fluid monoamine metabolites in alcoholics and controls.
Characterization of DSM-III-R criteria for uncomplicated alcohol withdrawal provides an empirical basis for DSM-IV.
Carbamazepine treatment in patients discontinuing long-term benzodiazepine therapy. Effects on withdrawal severity and outcome.
Postirradiation angiosarcoma of the vaginal vault.
The effect of a trauma system on the outcome of patients with pancreatic trauma.
Mandibular fractures in the pediatric patient.
Scar rupture in labour after previous lower uterine segment caesarean section: the role of uterine activity measurement.
How well can radiographers triage x ray films in accident and emergency departments? [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Mar 23;302(6778):696]
Acute spinal cord injury: magnetic resonance imaging correlated with myelopathy.
Application of the linear-quadratic model with incomplete repair to radionuclide directed therapy.
Severe hepatocellular dysfunction following cyproterone acetate therapy.
Primary repair of colon injuries in a developing country.
The "O" sign--clue to a lost lens.
Perioperative management of paediatric microstomia.
Diurnal blood pressure variation in quadriplegic chronic spinal cord injury patients.
External anal sphincter function in spinal patients. Electromyographic and manometric study.
Synthesis of albumin and acute-phase proteins in perfused liver after burn injury in rats.
Comparison of silver sulfadiazine 1% with chlorhexidine digluconate 0.2% to silver sulfadiazine 1% alone in the prophylactic topical antibacterial treatment of burns.
Local random fasciocutaneous flaps for repair of the burned elbow.
How soon is safe? Ambulation of the patient with burns after lower-extremity skin grafting.
Enhancement of humoral immunity by heterologous lipid peroxidation products resulting from burn injury.
Vitamin E supplementation does not improve survival from infection in mice when given after burn injury.
Dietary fat and infection in burned animals.
Initial dosage regimens of gentamicin in patients with burns.
Long-term assessment of the effects of circumferential truncal burns in pediatric patients on subsequent pregnancies.
Uncommon neurologic complications of burns in infants: a parkinsonian extrapyramidal disorder and massive cerebral infarction.
Serial casting as a technique to correct burn scar contractures. A case report.
A nineteen-year review of nurse-authored abstracts presented to the American Burn Association. Implications for the future.
Tap-water scald burns. Awareness is not the problem.
Multidimensionality and state dependency of alexithymia in recently sober alcoholics.
Drug use and HIV-1 infection: report from the Second Italian Multicenter Study.
Candida albicans septic arthritis and osteomyelitis of the sternoclavicular joint in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Unusual stress fracture on the roof of the acetabulum: magnetic resonance imaging.
Sacral insufficiency fractures: an often unsuspected cause of low back pain.
Epidural lipomatosis as a cause of spinal cord compression in polymyalgia rheumatica.
Reversal of nonresponders and postexposure prophylaxis by intradermal hepatitis B vaccination in Japanese medical personnel.
Emergency management of blunt trauma in children.
Aminocaproic acid versus prednisone for the treatment of traumatic hyphema. A randomized clinical trial.
Management of intraretinal metallic foreign bodies without retinopexy in the absence of retinal detachment.
Ureteroscopic retrieval of proximally located ureteral stents.
Cytologic manifestations of ballistic injury.
Hypernatremia due to repeated doses of charcoal-sorbitol.
Comparison of blood aldehyde dehydrogenase activities in moist snuff users, cigarette smokers and nontobacco users.
Symptoms of anxiety in inpatient alcoholics with and without DSM-III-R anxiety diagnoses.
Development of tolerance to inhibitory effect of ethanol on endothelium-dependent vascular relaxation in ethanol-fed rats.
Effect of acute ethanol on esophageal motility in cat.
Intoxication after an acute dose of alcohol: an assessment of its association with alcohol consumption patterns by using twin data.
Effect of ethanol on maternal and offspring characteristics: comparison of three liquid diet formulations fed during gestation.
Serum beta-hexosaminidase and alpha-mannosidase activities as markers of alcohol abuse.
Acetaldehyde metabolism in different aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 genotypes.
Suppression of natural killer cell activity by ethanol consumption and food restriction.
The structure of drinking-related consequences in alcoholic women.
Videotape versus computer interactive education in alcoholic and nonalcoholic controls.
Acute in vivo effects of low ethanol concentration on the capacity of urea synthesis in rats.
Alcohol and secobarbital effects as a function of familial alcoholism: extended intoxication and increased withdrawal effects.
An unusual cause of obstructive emphysema.
Massive acute arsenic poisoning.
Evaluation of the abdomen in intoxicated patients: is computed tomography scan or peritoneal lavage always indicated?
Severe oral phenytoin overdose does not cause cardiovascular morbidity.
Emergency department treatment of alcohol withdrawal seizures with phenytoin.
Multiple doses of activated charcoal: time for reappraisal?
The rise in the total iron-binding capacity after iron overdose.
Whole-bowel irrigation as a treatment for acute lithium overdose.
Jack o'lantern mushroom poisoning.
Envenomation by the puss caterpillar (Megalopyge opercularis).
Attenuation of inhaled allergen-induced airway microvascular leakage and airflow obstruction in guinea pigs by a 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor (A-63162).
Pre-existing fractures and bone mass predict vertebral fracture incidence in women.
An experimental human model of metal fume fever.
Cutaneous silica granuloma. A rare entity or rarely diagnosed? Report of two cases with review of the literature.
Poisonous snakebite in central Texas. Possible indicators for antivenin treatment.
Limb salvage versus traumatic amputation. A decision based on a seven-part predictive index.
Prehospital hypertonic saline/dextran infusion for post-traumatic hypotension. The U.S.A. Multicenter Trial.
Management of penetrating colon injuries. A prospective randomized trial.
Penetrating cardiac injuries.
Traumatic mitral valve rupture in a child.
An unusual problem during surgical removal of a broken guidewire.
Blast injury to the thoracic esophagus.
Screening for alcoholism by life-style risk assessment in a community hospital.
Clinicopathologic correlation of diode laser burns in monkeys.
Differential effects of propofol and nitrous oxide on posterior tibial nerve somatosensory cortical evoked potentials during alfentanil anaesthesia.
Quantitative computed tomography for bone mineral measurement: technical aspects, dosimetry, normal data and clinical applications.
Iliac insufficiency fractures.
Intracerebral Hodgkin's disease in a human immunodeficiency virus-seropositive patient.
Triacylglycerol in the human erythrocyte: quantification and fatty acyl turnover in normal subjects and chronic alcoholics.
Physiologic stress and cellular ischemia: relationship to immunosuppression and susceptibility to sepsis.
Gastrointestinal mucosal injury in experimental models of shock, trauma, and sepsis.
Alterations in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis in actively drinking alcoholics.
Bilateral perilymph fistula in an adult.
Excimer laser-assisted femoral angioplasty: early results.
Autogenous vein graft repair of injured extremity arteries: early and late results with 134 consecutive patients.
"Early" initiation of levodopa treatment does not promote the development of motor response fluctuations, dyskinesias, or dementia in Parkinson's disease.
Acute effects of pulsatile levodopa administration on central dopamine pharmacodynamics.
Substance abuse in women.
The cervical spine in maxillofacial trauma. Assessment and airway management.
Management of middle third facial fractures.
Management of complicated fractures involving the orbits and nasoethmoid complex in young children.
Penetrating wounds of the neck.
Management of associated dental injuries in maxillofacial trauma.
Condylar neck fractures of the mandible.
Management of traumatic injuries to the facial nerve.
Management of patients with facial trauma and associated ocular/orbital injuries.
Nasolacrimal injuries. Evaluation and management.
Management of orbital blow-out fractures.
Public health nurses and AIDS.
AIDS-related risk factors, medical diagnosis, do-not-resuscitate orders and aggressiveness of nursing care.
Traumatic atlanto-occipital dislocation in children: review and report of five cases.
Truncation artifact: a potential pitfall in MR imaging of the menisci of the knee.
Biceps tendon dislocation: evaluation with MR imaging.
Orbital fractures: surface coil MR imaging.
Acute traumatic midbrain hemorrhage: experimental and clinical observations with CT.
Anterior plating in thoracolumbar spine injuries. Indication, technique, and results.
The IVBF dual-blade plate and its applications.
The Syracuse I-plate.
Application of posterior plating and modifications in thoracolumbar spine injuries. Indication, techniques, and results.
Posterior fixation of thoracic and lumbar spine fractures using DC plates and pedicle screws.
The fixateur interne in the reduction and stabilization of thoracolumbar spine fractures in patients with neurologic deficit.
Operative treatment of spinal fractures with the AO internal fixator.
Direct anterior fixation of dens fractures with a cannulated screw system.
Odontoid fractures treated by anterior odontoid screw fixation.
Treatment of cervical spine injuries with anterior plating. Indications, techniques, and results.
Series of ninety-two traumatic cervical spine injuries stabilized with anterior ASIF plate fusion technique.
Posterior stabilization of the cervical spine with hook plates.
Posterior internal fixation with screw plates in traumatic lesions of the cervical spine.
Posterior cervical arthrodesis with AO reconstruction plates and bone graft.
Preliminary vascular control for renal trauma.
Safety belts and public health. The role of medical practitioners.
Buspirone effect on tobacco withdrawal symptoms: a pilot study.
Drake Chemical Workers' Health Registry: coping with community tension over toxic exposures.
An analysis of occupational blood lead trends in Manitoba, 1979 through 1987.
Pesticide poisoning surveillance through regional poison control centers.
Lead exposure in outdoor firearm instructors.
A cross-sectional study of pulmonary function in autobody repair workers.
The United Mine Workers of American and the recognition of occupational respiratory diseases, 1902-1968.
The silence: the asbestos industry and early occupational cancer research--a case study.
Suprascapular nerve lesions at the spinoglenoid notch: report of three cases and review of the literature.
Long-term nervous system damage from radiation of the spinal cord: an electrophysiological study.
Good-quality semen recovered from a paraplegic man with physostigmine salicylate treatment. A case report.
Fluid distribution and pulmonary dysfunction following burn shock.
Gut bacterial translocation via the portal vein: a clinical perspective with major torso trauma.
Bacterial translocation and its relationship to visceral blood flow, gut mucosal ornithine decarboxylase activity, and DNA in pigs.
A prospective evaluation of myocardial contusion: correlation of significant arrhythmias and cardiac output with CPK-MB measurements.
Whipple procedure for trauma: is duct ligation a safe alternative to pancreaticojejunostomy?
Validity of applying adult TRISS analysis to injured children.
Traumatic facial injuries with steering wheel loading.
Ballistic trauma to the abdomen: shell fragments versus bullets.
Mandatory trial of labor after cesarean delivery: an alternative viewpoint
Rupture of low transverse cesarean scars during trial of labor
Hemodynamic and oxygen transport changes following endotracheal suctioning in trauma patients.
The prevalence of substance abuse among registered nurses.
Effects of cranial irradiation on hypothalamic-pituitary function--a 5-year longitudinal study in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Injuries to the portal triad.
The reliability and validity of a scale to measure HIV risk-taking behaviour among intravenous drug users.
Needle-use practices among intravenous drug users in an area where needle purchase is legal.
Carboxyhaemoglobinaemia and pulse oximetry.
Outcome in children who nearly drown: a British Isles study
Surgical implications of drug-induced rhabdomyolysis.
Topical application of honey in treatment of burns.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis: a burn-centre challenge.
Unilateral otosclerosis and noise-induced occupational hearing loss.
Enhanced urinary excretion of leukotriene E4 by patients with multiple trauma with or without adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Animal models of fulminant hepatic failure.
The role of fiberoptic endoscopy in the management of corrosive ingestion and modified endoscopic classification of burns.
Median and ulnar neuropathy after streptokinase infusion.
Blood antibodies and uncrossmatched type O blood.
Potential for injury: trauma after cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Duodenal somatostatinoma with congenital pseudoarthrosis.
Reversible hepatitis associated with diclofenac.
Ischemic neuronal damage after acute subdural hematoma in the rat: effects of pretreatment with a glutamate antagonist.
Brain energy consumption in ethanol-treated, Long-Evans rats.
Acute dependence on depressant drugs is determined by common genes in mice.
Ureteral catheter tip separation: potential risk using the open-end Flexi-Tip ureteral catheter.
Repair of a traumatically amputated penis with return of erectile function.
Isoniazid as preventive therapy in HIV-infected intravenous drug abusers. A decision analysis.
Update: acquired immunodeficiency syndrome--United States, 1981-1990 [published erratum appears in MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1991 Jun 14;40(23):395]
Traumatic atlantooccipital dislocation with survival.
Hematoma in the posterior fossa secondary to a tangential gunshot wound of the occiput: case report and discussion.
Acute atraumatic subdural hematoma associated with moyamoya disease in an African-American.
Fire hydrant play: injuries and their prevention.
Efficacy of high voltage pulsed current for healing of pressure ulcers in patients with spinal cord injury.
Avulsion injuries of the thumb.
Successful replantation of an amputated nasal tip by microvascular anastomosis.
Definitive diagnosis of breast implant rupture by ultrasonography.
Management of the asymptomatic patient with a stab wound to the chest.
Plain film of intracardiac foreign bodies: the blurring effect.
Serum endorphin levels in injured children.
Detection of alcoholism in hospitalized children and their families
A 50-year follow-up of childhood plumbism. Hypertension, renal function, and hemoglobin levels among survivors.
Management of radionecrosis of the vulva and distal vagina.
In utero diagnosis and management of fetal subdural hematoma.
The serotonin syndrome.
Solvent-associated olfactory dysfunction: not a predictor of deficits in learning and memory.
Long-term benzodiazepine users 3 years after participation in a discontinuation program.
Pericardiac extravasation during intravenous digital subtraction angiography: a case report.
Evaluation of severe reactions to sweat bee stings.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. An epidemiologic study from West Germany.
T-cell subsets in drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis. Possible pathogenic mechanism induced by CD8-positive T cells.
Recent advances in the management of orbital trauma: reconstruction and complications [news]
Treatment of 813 zygoma-lateral orbital complex fractures. New aspects.
Magnetic resonance imaging of spinal trauma.
Pitfalls of bone scintigraphy in suspected hip fractures.
Cancer risk among staff at two radiotherapy departments in Denmark.
Pacemaker-lead puncture of the tricuspid valve. Successful diagnosis and treatment.
The epidemiology of skin tears in the institutionalized elderly.
Ethanol augments intracellular survival of Mycobacterium avium complex and impairs macrophage responses to cytokines.
Influence of human immunodeficiency virus infection on cell-mediated immunity in chronic D hepatitis.
The high risk of death by alcohol related diseases in subjects diagnosed as diabetic and impaired glucose tolerant: the Paris Prospective Study after 15 years of follow-up.
The treatment of temporomandibular joint internal derangements using a modified open condylotomy: a preliminary report.
Infection after rigid internal fixation of mandibular fractures: a clinical and radiologic study.
Evolving experience with thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair at a single institution.
Sympathetically maintained pain of the digits in porphyria cutanea tarda relieved by i.v. regional guanethidine.
Sun-related skin diseases.
Factors associated with massive fibrosis in silicosis.
Testicular injuries.
Neurogenic bladder in neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
Analysis of athletic performance with prophylactic ankle devices.
Analysis of subjective knee complaints using visual analog scales.
Injuries in high-risk persons and high-risk sports. A longitudinal study of 1818 school children.
An analysis of the pivot shift phenomenon. The knee motions and subluxations induced by different examiners.
The long-term course after treatment of acute anterior cruciate ligament ruptures. A 9 to 16 year followup.
The diagnosis of knee motion limits, subluxations, and ligament injury.
Anterior knee motion analysis. Measurement and simultaneous radiography.
The assessment of work-related activities and limitations in knee disorders.
Nonunion of a first rib fracture in a gymnast.
Overseas fatalities of United States citizen travelers: an analysis of deaths related to international travel.
The spectrum of liver and spleen injuries in children: failure of the pediatric trauma score and clinical signs to predict isolated injuries.
Rectal thiopental compared with intramuscular meperidine, promethazine, and chlorpromazine for pediatric sedation.
Pediatric ingestions: charcoal alone versus ipecac and charcoal.
Pediatric poisoning from over-the-counter imidazoline-containing products.
Failure of electric shock treatment for rattlesnake envenomation.
Acute traumatic cervical epidural hematoma from a stab wound.
Hypercalcemia complicating an industrial near-drowning.
Umbilical cord blood lead levels in California.
Pelvic fracture from major blunt trauma. Outcome is determined by associated injuries.
Factors affecting morbidity following hepatic trauma. A prospective analysis of 482 injuries.
Distribution and survival of Escherichia coli translocating from the intestine after thermal injury.
Propranolol diminishes extremity blood flow in burned patients.
Prophylactic use of high-frequency percussive ventilation in patients with inhalation injury.
Rib fractures complicating median sternotomy.
Patterns of occupational hand injury in pathology. The interaction of blades, needles, and the dissector's digits.
The prevalence of atopy and hypersensitivity to formaldehyde in pathologists.
Transesophageal echocardiography. Preliminary results in patients with traumatic aortic rupture.
Are psoriatic patients at risk of heat intolerance?
Multiple keratoacanthomas: a case report with evidence of regression with thymic hormone.
Prenatal marijuana use: epidemiology, methodologic issues, and infant outcome.
Alcohol use in pregnancy.
Using occupational history to pinpoint the diagnosis.
Managing the growing number of spinal cord-injured elderly.
Inhalation of foreign bodies in Chinese children: a review of 400 cases.
Acute and chronic poisoning from residential exposures to elemental mercury--Michigan, 1989-1990.
Recovery of motor function after spinal-cord injury--a randomized, placebo-controlled trial with GM-1 ganglioside
Human infection with B virus following a needlestick injury.
Interleukin-6 and its relation to the humoral immune response and clinical parameters in burned patients.
Dual diagnoses: psychiatric syndromes in alcoholism and drug addiction.
A survey of the health of homeless children in Philadelphia shelters.
Pediatric human immunodeficiency virus infection and the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. A health care crisis of children and families.
Lung function in former intravenous drug abusers: the effect of ubiquitous cigarette smoking.
Chronic xerostomia increases esophageal acid exposure and is associated with esophageal injury.
Inside the skin: the local immune and inflammatory milieu in leprosy.
The 29th Rovenstine lecture: clinical challenges for the anesthesiologist.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome prevention. Knowledge, attitudes, and practices of primary care physicians.
Failure of physicians to recognize acetaminophen hepatotoxicity in chronic alcoholics.
Zirconium compound-induced pulmonary fibrosis.
Changing the needle when inoculating blood cultures. A no-benefit and high-risk procedure
Indications for office radiographs
Causes of blindness and visual handicap in the Central African Republic.
Case of penetrating orbitocranial injury caused by wood.
A historic case of visual agnosia revisited after 40 years.
The results of surgical repair of acute tears of the posterior cruciate ligament.
Histologic and ultrastructural findings of tissue ingrowth. The Leeds-Keio prosthetic anterior cruciate ligament.
Profiles of spinal cord injury and recovery after gunshot injury.
Absence of the medial malleolus. A case report with a 20-year follow-up study.
Early mobilization of ankle fractures after open reduction and internal fixation.
A study of function and residual joint stiffness after functional bracing of tibial shaft fractures.
Percutaneous cerclage wiring and interlocking nailing for treatment of torsional fractures of the tibia.
Biomechanical characteristics of interlocking femoral nails in the treatment of complex femoral fractures.
Compartment syndrome of the thigh with osteogenesis imperfecta. A case report.
The influence of smoking on complications after primary amputations of the lower extremity.
Continuous passive motion versus immobilization. The effect on posttraumatic joint stiffness.
Fractures of the spine in diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
Tetracycline labeling of the femoral head following acute intracapsular fracture of the femoral neck.
The effects of fluoride on bone.
Autograft and Leeds-Keio reconstructions of the ovine anterior cruciate ligament.
Arthroscopic treatment of massive rotator cuff tears. Clinical results and biomechanical rationale.
Rotator cuff pathology. Arthroscopic assessment and treatment.
The antishock pelvic clamp.
A prosthesis augmentation device for the prevention of recurrent hip dislocation. A preliminary report.
Internal fixation of femoral neck fractures. A comparative biomechanical study of Knowles pins and 6.5-mm cancellous screws.
Children of battered women: developmental and learning profiles.
Classification of epilepsies and epileptic syndromes in two different samples of patients.
Increased frequency of infection after open reduction of fractures in patients who are seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus.
Fractures of the atlas.
Treatment of the unstable intertrochanteric fracture. Effect of the placement of the screw, its angle of insertion, and osteotomy.
The use of bone morphogenetic protein in the treatment of non-union in a canine model.
Bone disorder in men with chronic alcoholism: a reversible disease?
Spinous injury caused by a sea urchin.
Morbidity survey of post mortem room staff.
Wound infection due to fresh water contamination by Aeromonas hydrophila.
Traumatic rupture of the stomach after Heimlich maneuver.
"Designer drugs"--a current perspective.
Effect of glutathione depletion on sunburn cell formation in the hairless mouse.
Increased dermal expression of platelet-derived growth factor receptors in growth-activated skin wounds and psoriasis.
The Tromso Study: the positive predictive value of gamma-glutamyltransferase and an alcohol questionnaire in the detection of early-stage risk drinkers.
Isolated symptomatic cervical spinous process fracture requiring surgery. Case report.
Review of the secondary injury theory of acute spinal cord trauma with emphasis on vascular mechanisms.
Reversal of alcohol dependence and tolerance by a single administration of flumazenil.
Beer versus mixed-drink consumption at fraternity parties: a time and place for low-alcohol alternatives.
Anticipated and subjective sensitivities to alcohol.
Drinking patterns and drinking-related problems of Mexican-American husbands and wives.
Differences in drinking patterns associated with migration from a Greek island to Melbourne, Australia: a study of sibships.
Factors in recent reductions in liver cirrhosis deaths.
Effects of EAP follow-up on prevention of relapse among substance abuse clients.
Adult self-esteem and locus of control as a function of familial alcoholism and dysfunction.
Women, alcohol and incest: an analytical review.
Abrupt outpatient withdrawal of medication in analgesic-abusing migraineurs.
Quantitative CW Nd:YAG pars plana transscleral photocoagulation in postmortem eyes.
Trauma history in diagnostic groups of temporomandibular disorders.
Carotid cavernous fistula after minimal facial trauma. Report of a case.
Difficult diagnoses in toxicology. Poisons not detected by the comprehensive drug screen.
Amantadine toxicity presenting with complex ventricular ectopy and hallucinations.
Accidental and intentional poisonings with ethylene glycol in infancy: diagnostic clues and management.
Endocrine and reproductive dysfunction following fractionated total body irradiation in adults.
Mechanism of disc rupture. A preliminary report.
Posterior wiring without bony fusion in traumatic distractive flexion injuries of the mid to lower cervical spine. Long-term follow-up in 30 patients.
Unidirectional joint communications in wrist arthrography: an evaluation of 250 cases.
Safety-belt injuries in children with lap-belt ecchymosis: CT findings in 61 patients.
Urinary tract calculi that form on surgical staples: a characteristic radiologic appearance.
MR examination of the knee: interpretation with multiscreen digital workstation vs hardcopy format.
Peri-operative drug prescribing pattern and manufacturers' guidelines. An audit.
Resedation after bolus administration of midazolam to an infant and its reversal by flumazenil.
Inflammatory complications following penetrating cardiac trauma.
Snowmobile trauma: an eleven-year experience.
Enterocutaneous fistulas following laparotomy for trauma.
Trauma center closure: effects on an adjacent trauma center.
Blunt cervical spine Brown-Sequard injury. A report of three cases.
Clinical indications for cervical spine radiographs in alert trauma patients.
The utility of cardiac evaluation in the hemodynamically stable patient with suspected myocardial contusion.
Hepatitis prevalence in trauma patients.
Anatomy of the accident scene: a prospective study of injury and mortality.
Survival after massive transfusions exceeding four blood volumes in patients with blunt injuries.
Procurement and transplantation of colonized cadaver skin.
Diuretic drug use and the risk for hip fracture
Restoring nitrogen balance after burn injury.
Tissue distribution, quantitation and proliferation kinetics of fat-storing cells in carbon tetrachloride-injured rat liver.
Subcutaneous sumatriptan in the treatment of headache during withdrawal from drug-induced headache.
Subeschar tissue fluid: a source of cell-mediated immune suppression in victims of severe thermal injury.
The efficacy of Polysporin First Aid Antibiotic Spray (polymyxin B sulfate and bacitracin zinc) against clinical burn wound isolates.
The bactericidal power of the blood and plasma of patients with burns.
Preventing postoperative burn wound aspergillosis.
Liquid-propane freeze injury: a case history.
Gasoline-induced contact burns.
Self-inflicted burns: a ten-year retrospective study.
Alcohol use and burn injury.
Pontine myelinolysis after correction of hyponatremia during burn resuscitation.
Methods to diminish intraoperative blood loss.
Special considerations in the management of a patient with multiple sclerosis and a burn injury.
Grease burns at fast-food restaurants. Adolescents at risk.
Effect of irreversible dermal necrosis on phagocytic activity of reticuloendothelial system.
Localized recurrent postoperative pernio associated with leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Acne fulminans with hepatosplenomegaly and erythema nodosum migrans.
Injury due to uncontrolled acceleration of an electric wheelchair.
Eating utensil foreign bodies of the esophagus.
Delayed presentation of unstable cervical spine injury with minimal symptoms.
Acute L-thyroxine overdose; therapy with sodium ipodate: evaluation of clinical and physiologic parameters.
Fatal nicotine ingestion.
Acute short-term memory loss from trimethyltin exposure.
Fracture of the base of the little finger metacarpal: importance of the "ball-catcher" radiographic view.
Infections transmitted by large and small laboratory animals.
Protracted withdrawal syndromes from benzodiazepines.
Pharmacologic aspects of benzodiazepine tolerance and dependence.
Benzodiazepines: a major problem. Introduction.
Benzodiazepines and the elderly. A review of potential problems.
Alprazolam and diazepam: addiction potential.
Addiction to and dependence on benzodiazepines. Diagnostic confusion in clinical practice and research studies.
The dual-diagnosis patient in a psychiatric day treatment program: a treatment failure.
Altered states of consciousness therapy. A missing component in alcohol and drug rehabilitation treatment.
Alcohol and drug problems in Czechoslovakia.
Detoxification from benzodiazepines: schedules and strategies.
Plasma catecholamine levels in cyclic antidepressant overdose.
Acute poisoning with bromofosmethyl (bromophos).
Mass poisoning by sodium arsenite.
Pharmacists' poison prevention advice to the elderly.
Central nervous system toxicity from nebulized atropine sulfate.
Acute respiratory fatality associated with exposure to sheet metal and cadmium fumes.
Comparative effects of thermal and surgical trauma on rat muscle protein metabolism.
Inadvertent globe perforation during retrobulbar and peribulbar anesthesia. Patient characteristics, surgical management, and visual outcome.
Central retinal and posterior ciliary artery occlusion after particle embolization of the external carotid artery system.
The induction and maintenance of central sensitization is dependent on N-methyl-D-aspartic acid receptor activation; implications for the treatment of post-injury pain hypersensitivity states.
Electromyographic activity of selected leg musculature in subjects with normal and chronically sprained ankles performing on a BAPS board.
Free bone graft reconstruction of irradiated facial tissue: experimental effects of basic fibroblast growth factor stimulation.
Microsurgical toenail transfer to the hand.
Management of early human bites of the hand: a prospective randomized study.
Immediate closure of traumatic upper arm and forearm injuries with the latissimus dorsi island myocutaneous pedicle flap.
Periosteal suspension of the lower eyelid and cheek following subciliary exposure of facial fractures.
Toe-to-thumb transfer: a new technique.
High-energy orbital dislocations: the possibility of traumatic hypertelorbitism.
Reconstruction of internal orbital fractures with Vitallium mesh.
The buccinator myomucosal island pedicle flap: anatomic study and case report.
Early excision and skin grafting of selected burns of the face and neck.
Cervical spine hyperextension injuries: MR findings.
Ocular hazard of metallic fragments during MR imaging at 0.06 T.
Deer stands: a significant cause of injury and mortality.
Nonthermal surgical complications in burn patients.
Hypertonic saline resuscitation: efficacy in a community-based burn unit.
Traumatic esophageal rupture: unusual cause of acute mediastinal widening.
Acute anuric renal failure after pigmy rattlesnake bite.
Hypothermia in the summer.
Back sprain in industry. The role of socioeconomic factors in chronicity.
Traumatic atlantoaxial dislocation without fracture of the odontoid.
Penetrating craniocerebral missile injuries in civilians: a retrospective analysis of 314 cases.
Converting the stress of medical practice to personal and professional growth: 5 years of experience with a psychodynamic support and supervision group.
Declining frequency of neuroleptic malignant syndrome in a hospital population.
Technique for greatly shortening the transition from methadone to naltrexone maintenance of patients addicted to opiates.
Tobacco smoking as a risk factor for colon polyps.
Serum amylase determination and blunt abdominal trauma.
Anticarbamazepine antibody induced by carbamazepine in a patient with severe serum sickness.
The value of immunotherapy with venom in children with allergy to insect stings
Eye injuries with metal missiles presenting to an emergency center: a three year study.
Unsuspected quinine intoxication presenting as acute deafness and mutism.
Traumatic asphyxia and blunt cardiac injury: case report and selected review.
The contribution of impurities to the acute morbidity of illegal drug use.
The diagnosis and initial management of the fractured mandible.
Delirium and lactic acidosis caused by ethanol and niacin coingestion.
Use of whole bowel irrigation in an infant following iron overdose.
Unusually severe traumatic uveitis associated with occult ankylosing spondylitis.
Effect of sequential early burn wound excision and closure on postburn oxygen consumption.
Tracheal venous blood and lymph collection: a model to study airway injury in sheep.
A rare complication of mitral valve replacement. Intraoperative fracture of the right fibrous trigone following a superior approach to the left atrium. Case report.
Human T cell lymphotropic virus types I and II in intravenous drug users in San Francisco: risk factors associated with seropositivity.
Spinal mediation of thermally induced sweating.
Isolated muscle hypertrophy as a sign of radicular or peripheral nerve injury.
Serum iron and transferrin in acute neuroleptic induced akathisia.
Early immobilization of mandibular fractures: a retrospective study.
Cervical spine fractures and maxillofacial trauma.
Facial nerve injuries associated with orthognathic surgery: a review of incidence and management.
Incidence and timing of hypothermia in trauma patients undergoing operations.
AAST organ injury scale: correlation of CT-graded liver injuries and operative findings.
The significance of critical care errors in causing preventable death in trauma patients in a trauma system.
The spectrum of abdominal injuries associated with the use of seat belts.
Trauma patients return to productivity.
Cardiovascular evaluation in blunt thoracic trauma using transesophageal echocardiography (TEE).
Transesophageal echocardiographic examination of a patient with traumatic aortic transection from blunt chest trauma: a case report.
The effect of the pneumatic antishock garment (PASG) on hemodynamics, hemorrhage, and survival in penetrating thoracic aortic injury.
Triple-contrast CT scans in penetrating back and flank trauma.
Bladder and sphincter behavior in patients with spinal cord lesions.
Radial growth plate injury in a female gymnast.
Lipid and lipoprotein profiles relate to peak aerobic power in spinal cord injured men.
A double-blind trial of a 16-hour transdermal nicotine patch in smoking cessation.
Setting the optimal erythrocyte protoporphyrin screening decision threshold for lead poisoning: a decision analytic approach.
A physicians's guide to preventing tobacco use during childhood and adolescence.
Dog bites in urban children.
Sweden's experience in reducing childhood injuries.
Sacroiliac subluxation: a common, treatable cause of low-back pain in pregnancy.
Management of snakebite.
Caffeine, moderate alcohol intake, and risk of fractures of the hip and forearm in middle-aged women.
Estimating energy requirements in burned children: a new approach derived from measurements of resting energy expenditure.
Injuries and poisonings in out-of-home child care and home care.
Self-Administered Alcoholism Screening Test: a comparison of conventional versus computer-administered formats.
Male physical aggression as a function of alcohol intoxication and frustration: experimental results and methodological considerations.
The effects of progressive abstinence from alcohol on red blood cell proton NMR relaxation times and water content.
The metabolism of ethyl esters of fatty acids in adipose tissue of rats chronically exposed to ethanol.
Typical patterns and cost of alcoholism treatment across a variety of populations and providers.
Effect of chronic ethanol feeding on high density lipoprotein subfractions in rats.
Alterations in hepatic lipids and proteins by chronic ethanol intake: a high-pressure Fourier transform infrared spectroscopic study on alcoholic liver disease in the rat.
Effect of chronic ethanol treatment and selective breeding for sensitivity to ethanol on calcium release induced by inositol trisphosphate or ethanol from brain and liver microsomes.
Acute ethanol intoxication suppresses E. coli lipopolysaccharide enhanced glucose utilization by hepatic nonparenchymal cells.
Physical exercise after alcohol intake: effect on plasma catecholamines and lymphocytic beta-adrenergic receptors.
Acetaldehyde dehydrogenase (Ahd-2)-associated DNA polymorphisms in mouse strains with variable ethanol preferences.
Nonoperative management of splenic injuries.
Epiglottoplasty for reconstruction of posttraumatic laryngeal stenosis.
Immobilization impairs recovery after spinal cord injury.
Acute and chronic hypothermia in a man with spinal cord injury: environmental and pharmacologic causes.
Telephone versus face-to-face mode for collecting self-reports of sequences of behavior.
Substance use and receipt of treatment by persons with long-term spinal cord injuries.
Behavioral and demographic predictors of suicide after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Clonidine inhibits vesico-sphincter reflexes in patients with chronic spinal lesions.
The 72-hour examination as a predictor of recovery in motor complete quadriplegia.
Shoulder subluxation in hemiplegia: effects of three different supports.
Cardiac pacemaker in high spinal cord injury.
Treatment of De Quervain's tenosynovitis with corticosteroids. A prospective study of the response to local injection.
Insufficiency fractures of the distal tibia misdiagnosed as cellulitis in three patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Electrophysiologic study in acute lead poisoning.
Sexual risk behavior among heterosexual intravenous drug users: ethnic and gender variations.
Placental abruption. A case-control investigation.
Rationalising the management of swallowed coins in children.
Conservative treatment of Grade III acromioclavicular dislocations.
Arthrodesis of the ankle and subtalar joints.
A comparative analysis of Giliberty, Bateman, and Universal femoral head prostheses. A long-term follow-up evaluation.
Treatment of pathologic fracture of the humerus.
Nonunion and pseudarthrosis of fracture healing. A histopathologic study of 95 human specimens.
Tissue reaction to collagen-coated porous hydroxyapatite.
Absorption, biocompatibility, and fixation properties of polylactic acid in bone tissue: an experimental study in rats.
Revision arthrodesis for tibiotalar pseudarthrosis with fibular onlay-inlay graft and internal screw fixation.
Treatment of nonunion by percutaneous injection of bone marrow and demineralized bone matrix. An experimental study in dogs.
Ankle fusion.
The relationship between large airway inflammation and airway metaplasia.
Retained endobronchial foreign body removal facilitated by steroid therapy of an obstructing, inflammatory polyp.
Peak expiratory flow rates in possible occupational asthma.
A geriatric-anesthesiologic program to reduce acute confusional states in elderly patients treated for femoral neck fractures.
Intraarterial drug abuse: new treatment options.
Penetrating carotid injuries--a wartime experience.
HIV-infection prevention messages for injecting drug users: sources of information and use of mass media--Baltimore, 1989.
Cardiovascular disease, motor-vehicle-related injury, and use of clinical preventive services--behavioral risk factor surveillance system, 1989.
A survey of color discrimination in German ophthalmologists. Changes associated with the use of lasers and operating microscopes
Cataract extraction after brachytherapy for malignant melanoma of the choroid.
Effect of succinylcholine on the intraocular contents of open globes.
Success of temporomandibular joint arthroscopy in disk displacement with and without reduction.
Study of human papillomavirus in oral epithelial dysplasia and epidermoid carcinoma in the absence of tobacco and alcohol use.
Hepatitis B and human immunodeficiency virus infection in street youths in Toronto, Canada.
Preventing death after traumatic rupture of the aorta. A chest film may help save a life.
Spinal trauma.
Reconstruction and future trends of the AIDS epidemic in the United States.
Cardiac function and metabolism after chronic alcohol consumption: adaptation, reversibility, and effects of verapamil.
House-fire and drowning deaths among children and young adults.
Pedestrian fatalities. The Metropolitan Dade County experience, 1984-1988.
Use of orthopantomographs in forensic identification.
A case of autoerotic asphyxia associated with multiplex paraphilia.
Death by embolization of prosthetic aortic valve.
An analysis of emergency physicians' cumulative career risk of HIV infection.
Snake venom coagulopathy: use and abuse of blood products in the treatment of pit viper envenomation.
A longitudinal study of respiratory symptoms in aluminum potroom workers.
Differential pathophysiology of bacterial translocation after thermal injury and sepsis.
Acute appendicitis following blunt abdominal trauma. Incidence or coincidence?
Central nervous system side effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Aseptic meningitis, psychosis, and cognitive dysfunction.
Perforating (through-and-through) injuries of the globe. Surgical results with vitrectomy.
Proportionate mortality trends: 1950 through 1986
Human T-cell leukemia virus infection in non-intravenous drug using HIV seropositive men in Los Angeles.
Diagnostic and management dilemmas in a patient with tracheal trauma.
Red tattoo reactions: X-ray microanalysis and patch-test studies.
Sympathetic skin response in patients with multiple sclerosis compared with patients with spinal cord transection and normal controls.
Cytostatic extravasation. A serious complication of long-term venous access.
Anaesthetic management of acute blunt thoracic trauma.
Azygos vein laceration due to blunt trauma.
Fentanyl-related deaths: demographics, circumstances, and toxicology of 112 cases.
Effects of the Taser in fatalities involving police confrontation.
A simple histochemical technique for the identification of gunshot residue.
A practical technique for the fabrication of transparent bite mark overlays.
Fatal taxine poisoning from yew leaf ingestion.
Finding of a bullet in the cervical column of a body hit by a train.
Epidemiological characteristics of subarachnoid hemorrhage in an urban population.
Prevalence of Raynaud's phenomenon in Japanese males and females.
Rescue of experimental intrathecal methotrexate overdose with carboxypeptidase-G2.
Utilization of hospital resources by alcoholic and nonalcoholic patients: a prospective study.
Chronic central nervous system effects of acute organophosphate pesticide intoxication. The Pesticide Health Effects Study Group.
Transoral crossbow injury to the cervical spine: an unusual case of penetrating cervical spine injury.
Successful management of an adult lightning victim using intracranial pressure monitoring.
Epidemiologic correlates of sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Fatal brainstem stroke following internal jugular vein catheterization.
An outbreak of tinea corporis in hospital personnel caused by a patient with Trichophyton tonsurans infection.
Low-back pain in adolescent athletes: detection of stress injury to the pars interarticularis with SPECT.
Vacuum phenomenon simulating meniscal or cartilaginous injury of the knee at MR imaging.
Meniscal tears: MR and arthrographic findings after arthroscopic repair.
CT-guided fixation of sacral fractures and sacroiliac joint disruptions.
Epidemiologic characteristics of drug use during pregnancy: experience in a Nashville hospital.
Shotgun injuries in pediatric patients.
Cancers of the maxillary sinus.
Severe hyperkalemia during magnesium sulfate therapy in two pregnant drug abusers.
Silicosis in a Himalayan village population: role of environmental dust [published erratum appears in Thorax 1991 Jul;46(7):544]
Occupational asthma due to styrene.
Teicoplanin pharmacokinetics in intravenous drug abusers being treated for bacterial endocarditis.
Current perception threshold screening for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Acute health effects from community exposure to N-propyl mercaptan from an ethoprop (Mocap)-treated potato field in Siskiyou County, California.
Mortality among petrochemical science and engineering employees.
Effect of lung contusion on pulmonary hemodynamics.
Prevention of retrovirus infection after injury with contaminated instruments: an experimental study.
Emergency esophagogastrectomy for treatment of hydrochloric acid injury.
Caffeine self-administration, withdrawal, and adverse effects among coffee drinkers.
Allelic association of the D2 dopamine receptor gene with receptor-binding characteristics in alcoholism.
Alcoholism and alleles of the human D2 dopamine receptor locus. Studies of association and linkage.
The effect on pulmonary function of tangential field technique in radiotherapy for carcinoma of the breast.
Experience with penile fractures in Saudi Arabia.
Evaluation of diagnostic peritoneal lavage in suspected penetrating abdominal stab wounds using a dipstick technique.
Synthesis of collagen types I and III in reincised wounds in humans.
Radical hysterectomy versus radiation therapy for stage IB squamous cell cancer of the cervix.
Radiation therapy for primary carcinoma of the extrahepatic biliary system. An analysis of 63 cases.
Impedance measurement in divers during a scuba-diving training programme.
Gastrointestinal transit of solid-liquid meal in chronic alcoholics.
An approach to pediatric trauma. Unique anatomic and pathophysiologic aspects of the pediatric patient.
Mother and child. Trauma in pregnancy.
Nontraumatic surgical emergencies in children.
The impact of pediatric HIV infection on emergency services.
Headache in the use and withdrawal of opiates and other associated substances of abuse.
Pneumococcal septic arthritis of the knee in a patient with multiple myeloma.
Degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis with spinal stenosis. A prospective study comparing decompression with decompression and intertransverse process arthrodesis.
Early histological and ultrastructural changes in medullary fracture callus.
The revascularization of healing flexor tendons in the digital sheath. A vascular injection study in dogs.
The effect of an extra-articular procedure on allograft reconstructions for chronic ruptures of the anterior cruciate ligament.
The role of supplemental lag-screw fixation for open fractures of the tibial shaft treated with external fixation.
Formation of bone in tibial defects in a canine model. Histomorphometric and biomechanical studies.
Rhabdomyolysis following total hip arthroplasty.
Revision osteoarticular allograft transplantation in weight-bearing joints. A clinical review.
Fractures of the carpal scaphoid. A critical study of the standard splint.
Pseudarthrosis of the scaphoid treated by the Matti-Russe operation. A long-term review of 77 cases.
Combined intertrochanteric and Chiari pelvic osteotomies for hip dysplasia.
Transverse ligament rupture and atlanto-axial subluxation in children.
A locking nail for fractures of the humerus.
Axial movement and tibial fractures. A controlled randomised trial of treatment.
Inserting the distal screws in a locked femoral nail.
Intramedullary nailing for impending pathological subtrochanteric fractures.
Observer variation in the radiographic classification of ankle fractures.
Osteolytic changes accompanying degradation of absorbable fracture fixation implants.
Classifying calcaneal tendon injury according to MRI findings.
Underdiagnosis and poor documentation of acute confusional states in elderly hip fracture patients.
Does hypogonadism contribute to the occurrence of a minimal trauma hip fracture in elderly men?
Automatic and effortful memory processes in elderly persons with organic brain pathology.
Inhalation of foreign bodies by children: review of experience with 74 cases from Dubai.
The influence of volume on the tolerance of the brain to radiosurgery.
Evaluation and treatment of atlas burst fractures (Jefferson fractures).
Magnetic resonance imaging of the transverse atlantal ligament for the evaluation of atlantoaxial instability.
Head-injured patients who talk and deteriorate into coma. Analysis of 211 cases studied with computerized tomography.
Cervicomedullary junction decompression in a case of Marshall-Smith syndrome. Case report.
An alternative explanation for the genesis of closed-lock symptoms in the internal derangement process.
A prospective analysis of a two-year experience using computed tomography as an adjunct for cervical spine clearance.
Reappraisal of emergency room thoracotomy in a changing environment.
Early orthopedic intervention in burn patients with major fractures.
Liver lacerations--a marker of severe but sometimes subtle intra-abdominal injuries in adults.
2-D echocardiography: emergent use in the evaluation of penetrating precordial trauma.
Pneumonia: incidence, risk factors, and outcome in injured patients.
Colloid oncotic pressure and body water dynamics in septic and injured patients.
Coalition on trauma--trauma prevention and trauma care: presidential address, Trauma Association of Canada.
Is outcome worse in a small volume Canadian trauma centre?
Incidence of abnormal RNA studies and dysrhythmias in patients with blunt chest trauma.
Chest trauma in a Canadian urban setting--implications for trauma research in Canada.
Relative incidence of intracranial mass lesions and severe torso injury after accidental injury: implications for triage and management.
Autologous fibrin gel: bactericidal properties in contaminated hepatic injury.
Unintentional carbon monoxide-related deaths in the United States, 1979 through 1988.
The recognition and control of occupational disease.
Epidemiologic analysis of warfare. A historical review.
Serum iron and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
Inhibition of burn pain by intravenous lignocaine infusion.
Mechanisms of musculoskeletal sepsis.
Management of soft tissue wounds associated with type III open fractures.
Choice and duration of antibiotics in open fractures.
Stimulation of healing of chronic wounds by epidermal growth factor.
Chronic wounds and delusions of parasitosis in the drug abuser.
Combined vascularized fibula and peroneal composite-flap transfer for severe heat-press injury of the forearm.
Clinical significance of the V-shaped space in the subluxed shoulder of hemiplegics.
Disturbances of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis functioning during ethanol withdrawal in six men.
Cost offset from a psychiatric consultation-liaison intervention with elderly hip fracture patients.
A review of 32 cases of tardive dystonia.
Fluoxetine in the treatment of borderline and schizotypal personality disorders.
Knowledge of diagnosis and reproductive history among survivors of childhood plumbism.
Contributions of peritoneal lavage enzyme determinations to the management of isolated hollow visceral abdominal injuries.
Evaluation of liver function tests in screening for intra-abdominal injuries.
Base deficit as an indicator of significant abdominal injury.
Blunt traumatic bladder rupture: the role of retrograde cystogram.
Injuries from tire and wheel explosions during servicing.
A prospective study of the impact of helmet usage on motorcycle trauma.
Outcome of patients with blunt trauma transferred after diagnostic or treatment procedures or four-hour delay.
Cardiac rupture secondary to blunt trauma: a rapidly diagnosable entity with two-dimensional echocardiography.
Blunt trauma-induced pacemaker failure.
Continuous intravenous infusion fentanyl for sedation and analgesia of the multiple trauma patient.
A pseudoaneurysm of the superficial femoral artery as a late complication of a stab wound.
Bone collagen, mineral and trace element composition, histomorphometry and urinary hydroxyproline excretion in chronically-treated alcohol-fed rats.
Pituitary gonadal functioning in male alcoholics in an Indian psychiatric hospital.
A century of alcoholism conferences: unchanging themes.
A three-sample test of a masked alcohol screening questionnaire.
Alcohol consumption in young adults in the rural communities of Spain.
Welding arc maculopathy and fluphenazine.
Esophageal obstruction 14 years after treatment for Hodgkin's disease.
Rowing and sculling and the older athlete.
Climbing and the older athlete.
The senior tennis player.
Cycling and the older athlete.
Swimming and the older athlete.
Running and the older athlete.
Alpine skiing and the mature athlete.
Arthritis and athletics.
Enalapril effects on alcohol intake and other consummatory behaviors in alcoholics.
Normal bone density of the wrist and spine and increased wrist fractures in girls with Turner's syndrome.
An outbreak of Escherichia coli O157:H7 colitis associated with consumption of precooked meat patties.
Site-dependent postmortem changes in blood cocaine concentrations.
Alleged brain damage, diminished capacity, mens rea, and misuse of medical concepts.
Interpretation of unusual wounds caused by firearms.
Alcohol addiction of methamphetamine abusers in Japan.
Laboratory investigation of deaths due to anaphylaxis.
Fatal acetaminophen poisoning with evidence of subendocardial necrosis of the heart.
Discontinuation of lithium treatment in remitted bipolar patients: relationship between clinical outcome and changes in sleep-wake cycles.
Evaluation and treatment of blunt renal trauma.
Quantitative testicular biopsy in spinal cord injured men: comparison to fertile controls.
Traumatic disruption of the ureteropelvic junction managed by ileal interposition.
Renal pelvic explosion during conservative management of upper tract urothelial cancer.
Microcomputers and prevention of drug abuse.
Red cell deformability is an early indicator of infection.
Asbestos induced pericardial effusion and constrictive pericarditis.
Disulfiram: a guide to clinical use in alcoholism treatment.
Prevention of sports-related eye injury.
Proline metabolism in adult male burned patients and healthy control subjects.
Use of infant walkers. Board of Trustees, American Medical Association.
Rupture of hepatocellular carcinoma as a result of blunt abdominal trauma.
Human alveolar macrophage antibacterial activity in the alcoholic lung.
Distribution of silicotic collagenization in relation to smoking habits.
Treadmill gait retraining following fractured neck-of-femur.
Children with traumatic head injury: morbidity and postacute treatment.
Intermittent pneumatic compression therapy in posttraumatic lower limb edema: computed tomography and clinical measurements.
Halothane hepatitis.
Radiofrequency catheter ablation of the atrioventricular junction from the left ventricle.
Relation of stenosis morphology and clinical presentation to the procedural results of directional coronary atherectomy
Intermediate-term effectiveness of balloon valvuloplasty for congenital aortic stenosis. A prospective follow-up study.
Hypercholesterolemia enhances macrophage recruitment and dysfunction of regenerated endothelium after balloon injury of the rabbit iliac artery.
Prevention of arterial reocclusion after thrombolysis with recombinant lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor
Comparative clinical trial of standard operative tracheostomy with percutaneous tracheostomy.
Damage to tissue defenses by EMLA cream.
Inability of patients to self-diagnose wound infections.
Blow-out fractures: a review.
Nosocomial measles infection in a pediatric hospital during a community-wide epidemic.
Indwelling subclavian catheters and a visit with the "pinched-off sign".
Non-trauma mortality in elderly women with low bone mineral density. Study of Osteoporotic Fractures Research Group.
Trends in traumatic spinal cord injury--New York, 1982-1988.
County data on alcohol-related mortality--United States.
Toward reducing pediatric injuries from firearms: charting a legislative and regulatory course
Farm injuries. How can the family farm be made a safer place?
Determinants of sciatica and low-back pain.
Clinical tests applicable to the study of chronic low-back disability.
Intervertebral disc injury complicating cervical spine trauma.
The importance of posterior epidural fat pad in lumbar central canal stenosis.
Lumbar facet fracture as a possible source of pain after lumbar laminectomy.
Rotation of load during the prelift period.
Outcome of complex vascular and orthopedic injuries of the lower extremity.
Heparin, deep venous thrombosis, and trauma patients.
Utility of arteriography in penetrating extremity injuries.
Immunological disturbances in anaesthetic personnel chronically exposed to high occupational concentrations of nitrous oxide and halothane.
Fatal theophylline poisoning with rhabdomyolysis. A potential role for dantrolene treatment.
Emergency arteriography in the assessment of penetrating trauma to the lower limbs.
Clinical predictors and radiological reliability in atlantoaxial subluxation in Down's syndrome.
Prediction of injury caused by penetrating wounds to the abdomen, flank, and back.
Modulation of IgM antibody formation by lipid peroxidation products from burn plasma.
Fishhook injuries: a prospective evaluation.
Is the anteroposterior cervical spine radiograph necessary in initial trauma screening?
Prevalence of HIV, hepatitis B and associated risk behaviours in clients of a needle-exchange in central London.
Evaluation by women consulting in a family planning centre of their risk of HIV infection.
Oromandibular reconstruction using microvascular composite free flaps. Report of 71 cases and a new classification scheme for bony, soft-tissue, and neurologic defects.
Crack cocaine burns of the larynx.
Oestrogen, the prevention of bone loss and osteoporosis.
The use of nasal calcitonin in the treatment of post-traumatic algodystrophy.
Sublaminar fixation in lumbosacral fusions.
Noncemented porous-coated anatomic total hip arthroplasty.
Scapular fractures. Analysis of 113 cases.
Posterior dislocation of the elbow.
Prospective study of porous-coated anatomic total hip arthroplasty.
Compartment syndrome of the foot after intraarticular calcaneal fracture.
Total hip arthroplasty following failed internal fixation of hip fractures.
Uncemented total hip arthroplasty. Prospective analysis of the tri-lock femoral component.
Outcome of assessments for occupational asthma.
Artificial intelligence-assisted occupational lung disease diagnosis.
Incidence, etiology, and outcome of nosocomial pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients.
Group B streptococcal endocarditis of tricuspid valve.
Secretory diarrhea following a dog bite.
Arterial injuries. Review of 12 years experience with 32 patients.
Increased central immunoreactive beta-endorphin content in patients with Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome and in alcoholics.
Examination of spinal cord in diseases of the craniocervical junction and high cervical spine.
Vigabatrin and psychosis.
Caffeine and theophylline as adenosine receptor antagonists in humans.
Fractures of the dens complicating ankylosing spondylitis with atlantooccipital fusion.
Lightning and its effects on the auditory system.
Inadequate immune response among public safety workers receiving intradermal vaccination against hepatitis B--United States, 1990-1991.
Reorganization of corticospinal pathways following spinal cord injury.
Leg paresthesias induced by magnetic brain stimulation in patients with thoracic spinal cord injury.
Relapsing systemic infection due to Rhodococcus equi in a drug abuser seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus.
The wound healing curve as a practical teaching device.
Isotopic evaluation of the metabolism of pyruvate and related substrates in normal adult volunteers and severely burned children: effect of dichloroacetate and glucose infusion.
The sports medicine approach to occupational low back pain.
Worker rehabilitation programs. Separating fact from fiction.
Rehabilitation of severely injured children.
Spinal cord injury. Rehabilitation adds life to years.
Pregnancy following spinal cord injury.
Walking after spinal cord injury. Goal or wish?
A genetic study of platelet adenylate cyclase activity: evidence for a single major locus effect in fluoride-stimulated activity.
Alcohol abuse: comparison of two methods for assessing its prevalence and associated morbidity in hospitalized patients
The syndrome of alcoholic ketoacidosis.
Clinical patterns and associated conditions in chronic uveitis.
Expression of endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 in septic but not traumatic/hypovolemic shock in the baboon.
Acute Grade III ulnar collateral ligament ruptures. A new surgical and rehabilitation protocol.
Abdominal musculature abnormalities as a cause of groin pain in athletes. Inguinal hernias and pubalgia.
The long-term followup of primary anterior cruciate ligament repair. Defining a rationale for augmentation.
Results of knee manipulations after anterior cruciate ligament reconstructions.
Quadriceps contusions. West Point update.
Fatigue fracture of the ulna occurring in pitchers of fast-pitch softball.
Bilateral simultaneous rupture of the infrapatellar tendon in a recreational athlete. A case report.
Neuropsychiatric side effects after the use of mefloquine.
Acceleration of superoxide production from leukocytes in trauma patients.
An outbreak of designer drug--related deaths in Pennsylvania
Heart rate variability and cardiac autonomic function in men with chronic alcohol dependence.
Cardiac tamponade following coronary arterial rupture during coronary angioplasty.
A technique for arthroscopic anterior cruciate ligament repair.
Posterior cruciate ligament injuries.
Chronic and recurrent ankle sprains.
Arthroscopic management of transchondral talar-dome fractures (osteochondritis dissecans) and anterior impingement lesions of the ankle joint.
Effects of caffeine on tobacco withdrawal.
Allergic contact dermatitis from non-diglycidyl-ether-of-bisphenol-A epoxy resins.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Allergic rash due to antiepileptic drugs: clinical features and management.
Percutaneous injury during dermatologic surgery.
Toxic oil syndrome: a current clinical and epidemiologic summary, including comparisons with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Sexually transmitted diseases in a population of intravenous drug users: association with seropositivity to the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Diabetes mellitus--a newly described risk factor for infection from Salmonella enteritidis.
Gender differences in the specificity of alcoholism transmission among the relatives of opioid addicts.
The antisocial personality disorder diagnosis in substance abusers: problems and issues.
Subjective experiences related to alcohol use among schizophrenics.
Dysphoria in male alcoholics with a history of hallucinations.
Lateral parascapular extrapleural approach to the upper thoracic spine.
The relationship between intelligence and memory following minor or mild closed head injury: greater impairment in memory than intelligence.
Anomalous rib presenting as cervical myelopathy: a previously unreported variant of Klippel-Feil syndrome. Case report.
Stabilization of traumatic atlanto-occipital dislocation. Case report.
Child passenger restraint use and motor-vehicle--related fatalities among children--United States, 1982-1990.
A randomized trial of treatment options for alcohol-abusing workers
Meningioma: the role of a foreign body and irradiation in tumor formation.
Spontaneous spinal subdural hematoma: case report and review of the literature.
Herniated L4-L5 disc after placement of Harrington instrumentation for a fracture of the thoracolumbar spine.
Civilian craniocerebral gunshot wounds.
Blistering disorders in childhood.
Nonhuman primate model of alcohol abuse: effects of early experience, personality, and stress on alcohol consumption.
Long-term complications of polyurethane-covered breast implants.
A combined rectus abdominis musculocutaneous flap and vascularized iliac bone graft with double vascular pedicles.
Thumb replantation after cardiac transplantation.
Avianca flight No. 052 accident: a plastic surgical perspective.
Occupational lung disease.
Extravasation of iopamidol and iohexol during contrast-enhanced CT: report of 28 cases.
Calcaneal insufficiency avulsion fractures in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Lateral tibial rim (Segond) fractures: MR imaging characteristics.
Postoperative bone marrow alterations: potential pitfalls in the diagnosis of osteomyelitis with In-111-labeled leukocyte scintigraphy.
Abnormal lung function associated with asbestos disease of the pleura, the lung, and both: a comparative analysis.
Use of a morphologic classification to predict clinical outcome after dissection from coronary angioplasty.
Uterine rupture at term pregnancy with the use of intracervical prostaglandin E2 gel for induction of labor.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura first seen as massive vaginal necrosis.
Acute mercury poisoning.
Postoperative analgesia after triple nerve block for fractured neck of femur
Pressure chamber tympanometry in diving candidates.
Management of the pregnant woman with spinal cord injuries.
Self-inflicted eye injuries.
Transpalpebral extrusion of a silicone sponge exoplant.
Perforation of the globe--a complication of peribulbar anaesthesia.
A comparison between iotrolan, a non-ionic dimer, and a hyperosmolar contrast medium, Urografin, in hysterosalpingography.
Real-time digital contrast enhancement and magnification in the assessment of acute elbow injuries.
Lateral distraction injuries to the thoracic and lumbar spine. A report of three cases.
Transient penetration of the hip joint during in situ cannulated-screw fixation of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Total acromionectomy. A twenty-year review.
Osteoarthrotic changes after acute transarticular load. An animal model.
Transforming growth factor-beta improves healing of radiation-impaired wounds.
The limited accuracy of bone-conduction audiometry: its significance in medicolegal assessments.
Unusually placed oesophageal foreign body.
Experimental hemorrhage and blunt trauma do not increase circulating tumor necrosis factor.
"Directed" emergency room thoracotomy: a prognostic prerequisite for survival.
Bacterial translocation in trauma patients.
Analysis of septic morbidity following gunshot wounds to the colon: the missile is an adjuvant for abscess.
Severely injured geriatric patients return to independent living: a study of factors influencing function and independence.
Defining the major trauma patient and trauma severity.
A randomized trial of replacement antioxidant vitamin therapy for neutrophil locomotory dysfunction in blunt trauma.
Aminoglycoside combinations versus beta-lactams alone for penetrating abdominal trauma: a meta-analysis.
Peritoneal lavage enzyme determinations following blunt and penetrating abdominal trauma.
Predictors of abdominal injury in children with pelvic fracture.
Changes in the incidence of alcohol-impaired driving in the United States, 1973-1986.
Alcohol-related relative risk of fatal driver injuries in relation to driver age and sex.
Differences between roadside and subsequent evidential breath alcohol results and their forensic significance.
The prevalence of antisocial behavior among U.S. Army DWI offenders.
Attitudes toward alcoholism among psychologists and marriage, family and child counselors.
Gender-specific drinking styles in alcoholics and nonalcoholics.
Personality characteristics of alcoholic fathers and their sons.
Drinking among subgroups in the adult population of New York State: a classification analysis using CART.
The inheritance of alcohol consumption patterns in a general population twin sample: I. Multidimensional scaling of quantity/frequency data.
Development of a "Steps Questionnaire".
Reductions in cirrhosis deaths in the United States: associations with per capita consumption and AA membership.
The prevalence and extent of vibration sensitivity impairment in men with chronic ethanol abuse.
Cervical spondylotic myelopathy: treatment with posterior decompression and Luque rectangle bone fusion.
Prevalence, onset, and risk of psychiatric disorders in men with chronic low back pain: a controlled study.
Tardive dyskinesia and chronic pain.
Allodynia-like effects in rat after ischaemic spinal cord injury photochemically induced by laser irradiation.
Toxic exposures and ingestions in Honolulu: I. A prospective pediatric ED cohort; II. A prospective poison center cohort.
Acute hemorrhagic diarrhea and cardiovascular collapse in a young child owing to environmentally acquired cocaine.
Pediatric chin injury: occult condylar fractures of the mandible.
Toxicity with dextromethorphan-containing preparations: a literature review and report of two additional cases.
Lung injury resulting from a nonaccidental crush injury to the chest.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the workplace. Workers' compensation and occupational issues.
Depression and fatigue in the primary care physician.
The use of anterior Caspar plate fixation in acute cervical spine injury.
Paraplegia in a pregnant thalassemic woman due to extramedullary hematopoiesis: successful management with transfusions.
Extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy in patients with spinal cord dysfunction.
Pharmacokinetic simulation of the effect of multiple-dose activated charcoal in phenytoin poisoning--report of two pediatric cases.
Esophageal foreign bodies.
Alcoholism in women.
Safety of a preadolescent basketball program.
Chronic tolerance and sensitization to alcohol in sons of alcoholics.
Differential modulation by the stress axis of ethanol withdrawal seizure expression in WSP and WSR mice.
Reduced cerebral grey matter observed in alcoholics using magnetic resonance imaging.
Trauma in cirrhosis: an indicator of the pattern of alcohol abuse in different societies.
Neuroadaptive responses to chronic ethanol.
Personality stability and adolescent substance use behaviors.
Blood pressure dysregulation associated with alcohol withdrawal.
Ethanol inhalation and dietary n-6, n-3, and n-9 fatty acids in the rat: effect on platelet and aortic fatty acid composition.
Estimation of blood alcohol concentrations in young male drinkers.
Alterations of ATP levels and of energy parameters in the blood of alcoholic and nonalcoholic patients with liver damage.
In vivo microdialysis study of brain ethanol concentrations in rats following oral self-administration.
Individual mood profiles in alcohol withdrawal.
Disulfiram implant: a double-blind placebo controlled follow-up on treatment outcome.
Response of three hormones to diazepam challenge in sons of alcoholics and controls.
Vitamin B12 and folate status in rats after chronic administration of ethanol and acute exposure to nitrous oxide.
Serum beta-hexosaminidase isoenzyme: a sensitive marker for alcohol abuse.
Plasma norharman (beta-carboline) levels are elevated in chronic alcoholics.
Respiratory effects of spinal immobilization in children.
Permanently imbedded subcutaneous acupuncture needles: radiographic appearance.
Stroke following oral trauma in children.
The HIV-1 seroprevalence rate of injured patients admitted through California emergency departments. California HIV-1 Emergency Department Seroprevalence Study Group.
Cat bite wounds: risk factors for infection.
The value of brainstem auditory evoked potentials in early diagnosis of Wernicke's encephalopathy.
Acamprosate and diazepam differentially modulate alcohol-induced behavioural and cortical alterations in rats following chronic inhalation of ethanol vapour.
Effect of calcium-channel blockers on alcohol consumption in alcohol-drinking monkeys.
Intracerebral grafting impedes hippocampal cell loss during withdrawal after long-term alcohol consumption in rats.
The urinary excretion of the collagen degradation markers pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline in an experimental rat model of alcoholic bone disease.
Alcohol consumption of patients with supraventricular tachyarrhythmias other than atrial fibrillation.
The relationship between social skills and adolescent drinking.
Alcohol consumption patterns in a primary care population.
Relative kindling effect of detoxification and non-detoxification admissions in alcoholics.
Tentorial subdural hemorrhage in term newborns: ultrasonographic diagnosis and clinical correlates.
Acute dyskinesias in young asthmatics treated with theophylline.
The protective effect of a conductive hearing loss in workers exposed to industrial noise.
Immediate and follow-up management of hepatic trauma.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis: a review.
Bee venom anti-idiotypic antibody is associated with protection in beekeepers and bee sting-sensitive patients receiving immunotherapy against allergic reactions.
MRI in the management of suspected cervical spondylotic myelopathy.
Post-traumatic syringomyelia following uncomplicated spinal fracture.
An analysis of cerebral blood flow in acute closed-head injury using technetium-99m-HMPAO SPECT and computed tomography.
Noninvasive diagnosis of vascular trauma by duplex ultrasonography.
Vascular complications of cardiac catheterization.
Sudden death in a child following jellyfish envenomation by Chiropsalmus quadrumanus. Case report and autopsy findings.
Atherogenic effect of barotrauma on in situ saphenous veins in monkeys.
Long-bone fractures in young children: distinguishing accidental injuries from child abuse.
Tap water burn prevention: the effect of legislation.
An ethical analysis of physical therapists' duty to treat persons who have AIDS: homosexual patients as a test case.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome from sulfuric acid fume inhalation.
Fume fever and reactive airways dysfunction syndrome in a welder.
Foreign body in the gastrointestinal tract: intraluminal migration of laparotomy sponge.
Massive bone allografts for traumatic skeletal defects.
The perils of Pauline: visual loss in a tippler [clinical conference]
Intimal tears of the right atrium of the heart due to blunt force injuries to the abdomen. Its mechanism and implications.
Firearms and adult, domestic homicides. The role of alcohol and the victim.
Mass deaths by gas or chemical poisoning. A historical perspective.
Unusual blunt force wound patterns due to a hexagonal steel bar.
Delayed cardiac rupture due to blunt chest trauma.
"Beaten to death". An autopsy series of homicidal blunt force injuries.
Occupational and industrial toxin exposures and the gastrointestinal tract. Gastrointestinal Toxicology Subcommittee of the American College of Gastroenterology Patient Care Committee.
Buspirone: sedative or stimulant effect?
HIV seroprevalence among patients admitted to two psychiatric hospitals.
Comorbidity of psychiatric diagnoses in anorexia nervosa.
Liver transplantation after paracetamol overdose.
Organ doses received by atomic bomb survivors during radiological examinations at the Radiation Effects Research Foundation.
Organ doses to atomic bomb survivors during photofluorography, fluoroscopy and computed tomography.
Response of the mouse mediastinum to single and fractionated X-rays.
Early endoscopic realignment of complete traumatic rupture of the posterior urethra.
Risk factors influencing mortality after bipolar hemiarthroplasty in the treatment of fracture of the femoral neck.
A pneumatic leg brace for the treatment of tibial stress fractures.
Nonsurgical treatment of drooling in a patient with closed head injury and severe dysarthria.
Alpha 1 antitrypsin phenotypes and alcoholic pancreatitis.
Endotoxemia and release of tumor necrosis factor and interleukin 1 alpha in acute heatstroke.
Exposure of neonatal rats to carbon monoxide alters cardiac adaptation to aortic constriction.
Current thoughts on the assessment of protein metabolism in humans.
Analysis of burns caused by long-term exposure to a heating pad.
Malignancy and chronic wounds: Marjolin's ulcer.
Reduced bacteria on transplantable allograft skin after preparation with chlorhexidine gluconate, povidone-iodine, and isopropanol.
Helicopter transport of the patient with acute burns.
Early upper-extremity prosthetic fit in patients with burns.
Regional fasciocutaneous flaps for the burned axilla.
A survey of pediatric discharge educational programs in North American burn units.
Pressure therapy for the control of hypertrophic scar formation after burn injury. A history and review.
A technique for control of hypertrophic scarring in the central region of the face.
Analysis of materials for splinting of the thermally injured patient.
Research priorities for burn nursing. Report of the Wound Care and Infection Control Group.
Histomorphometric study of trabecular bone remodeling during condylar process fracture healing in the growing period: experimental study.
Mechanisms of glove tears and sharp injuries among surgical personnel.
Contact lenses and other risk factors in microbial keratitis.
Comparison of expandable endotracheal stents in the treatment of surgically induced piglet tracheomalacia.
Anterior decompression in cervical spine trauma: does the timing of surgery affect the outcome?
Functional recovery after traumatic transtentorial herniation.
Pachymeningitis associated with a pulmonary nodule.
Managing common dental problems and emergencies.
Blunt splenic injuries: nonsurgical treatment with CT, arteriography, and transcatheter arterial embolization of the splenic artery
Acute and chronic tears of the anterior cruciate ligament: differential features at MR imaging.
Progression of meniscal degenerative changes in college football players: evaluation with MR imaging.
Effect of arm rotation on MR imaging of the rotator cuff.
Artificially induced ventricular fibrillation in the management of through-and-through penetrating wounds of the aortic arch: a case report.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita. Caesarean section under epidural anaesthesia.
Adult chronic lead intoxication. A clinical review.
Clinical spectrum of sulfonylurea overdose and experience with diazoxide therapy.
Nifedipine GITS (gastrointestinal therapeutic system) bezoar.
Inorganic mercury transport in the proximal tubule of the rabbit.
Sequential and simultaneous "in series" hemodialysis and hemoperfusion in the management of theophylline intoxication.
Contact thermal burns of the cornea.
Management of suspected ocular laceration or rupture.
Auscultated forced expiratory time as a clinical and epidemiologic test of airway obstruction.
Routine initial computed tomography of the chest in blunt torso trauma.
Bronchoalveolar lavage neutrophilia seen in Pneumocystis pneumonia presenting with pneumothorax.
Phrenic neuropathy in arsenic poisoning.
Observations on massive retrieved human allografts.
Results of spinal arthrodesis with pedicle screw-plate fixation.
A new device for the fixation of unstable pertrochanteric fractures of the hip.
Open reduction and internal fixation of two-part displaced fractures of the greater tuberosity of the proximal part of the humerus.
Non-union of fractures of the mid-shaft of the clavicle. Treatment with a modified Hagie intramedullary pin and autogenous bone-grafting.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of partial growth arrest after physeal injuries in children.
Intra-articular fractures of the distal part of the radius treated with the small AO external fixator.
The symptomatic os subfibulare. Avulsion fracture of the fibula associated with recurrent instability of the ankle.
Infections in British clinical laboratories, 1988-1989.
Streptococci from primary isolation plates grouped by reverse passive haemagglutination.
Clinical and immunologic follow-up of patients who stop venom immunotherapy.
Risk factors for injurious falls: a prospective study.
Admission alcohol level: a predictor of the course of alcohol withdrawal.
HIV-positive women: reasons they are tested for HIV and their clinical characteristics on entry into the health care system
A survey of alcohol use in an inner-city ambulatory care setting.
A prospective study of the effects of cigarette smoking and alcohol abuse on mortality.
Social and clinical features as predictors of outcome in outpatient alcohol withdrawal.
Association between development of lower lip cancer and tobacco habits.
Sexual behaviors of intravenous drug users in treatment.
Benzodiazepine response and receptor binding after chronic ethanol ingestion in a mouse model.
The dopamine D2 receptor locus as a modifying gene in neuropsychiatric disorders
No association between an allele at the D2 dopamine receptor gene (DRD2) and alcoholism
Role of psychosocial stress in recovery from common whiplash [see comment]
Types of posterior capsular breaks and their surgical implications.
Isolated fractures of the orbital floor: risk of infection and the role of antibiotic prophylaxis.
Perforating ocular injuries caused by anesthesia personnel.
Needle penetration of the globe during retrobulbar and peribulbar injections.
Practical psychopharmacologic considerations in depression.
Train versus pedestrian accidents.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of knee injuries.
External iliac artery rupture during angioplasty: control by balloon tamponade.
Severe frostbite caused by Freon gas.
Paraquat poisoning: findings on chest radiography and CT in 42 patients.
Diagnosis and localization of laceration of the thoracic duct: usefulness of lymphangiography and CT.
Adrenergic hypersensitivity after beta-blocker withdrawal in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Niacin revisited: clinical observations on an important but underutilized drug.
Syndrome of severe skin disease, eosinophilia, and dermatopathic lymphadenopathy in patients with HTLV-II complicating human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Exposure-related declines in the lung function of cotton textile workers. Relationship to current workplace standards.
The clinical utility and reliability of asbestos bodies in bronchoalveolar fluid.
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis in asbestos-exposed workers
Computed tomography scan in the early detection of silicosis.
Mica-associated pulmonary interstitial fibrosis.
Transient intraepidermal bullous reaction after skin graft for toxic epidermal necrolysis. Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical features similar to those of inherited epidermolysis bullosa simplex.
HIV prevalence and risk behaviours for HIV transmission in South Australian prisons
The causes and complications of late diagnosis of foreign body aspiration in children. Report of 210 cases.
Ewing's sarcoma. Radiographic pattern of healing and bony complications in patients with long-term survival.
Health aspects of carbonless copy paper.
Evaluation of the traveler. An introduction to emporiatrics for the emergency physician.
Tick-borne diseases.
Effect of hyaluronic acid on postoperative intraperitoneal adhesion formation in the rat model.
Effect of hyaluronic acid on postoperative intraperitoneal adhesion formation and reformation in the rat model.
Overview of work-related hazards in nursing: health and safety issues.
Crisis and ethical dilemmas: who will care for the rural nurse?
A quantitative approach to radiography of the lower limb. Principles and applications.
Bonding of hydroxyapatite-coated femoral prostheses. Histopathology of specimens from four cases.
Arthroscopic stapling for detached superior glenoid labrum.
Total arthroplasty of the hip after childhood sepsis.
Prediction of amputation after severe lower limb trauma.
The effect of devascularisation upon early bone healing in dynamic external fixation.
Intracapsular fractures of the neck of femur. Parallel or crossed garden screws?
Need the thumb be immobilised in scaphoid fractures? A randomised prospective trial.
Proprioception and function after anterior cruciate reconstruction.
Vascularised fibular graft for congenital pseudarthrosis of the tibia. Long-term results.
Porokeratosis arising in a burn scar.
Ketoconazole-induced fulminant hepatitis necessitating liver transplantation.
Extracardiac vascular and neural lesions in the toxic oil syndrome.
A pertussis outbreak in a Wisconsin nursing home.
Cysts of the neuraxis of endodermal origin.
A prospective study of physical trauma and multiple sclerosis.
Intra-operative recording of motor tract potentials at the cervico-medullary junction following scalp electrical and magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex.
Postradiation lower motor neuron syndrome presenting as monomelic amyotrophy.
Predictors of fractures in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Celiac axis and superior mesenteric artery injury associated with left radical nephrectomy for locally advanced renal cell carcinoma.
Role of basal insulin in the regulation of protein kinetics and energy metabolism in septic patients.
Evaluation of serum visceral protein levels as indicators of nitrogen balance in thermally injured patients.
Variable histotoxicity of histoacryl when used in a subcutaneous site: an experimental study.
Autologous fat injection for vocal cord medialization in the canine larynx.
The use of absorbable sutures in laser-assisted microvascular anastomoses.
Techniques for application of tissue adhesive for corneal perforations.
Reattachment of the detached ciliary body with suturing for treatment of contusional ocular hypotension.
Pediatric prehospital care in urban and rural areas.
Prevention of pedestrian injuries to children: effectiveness of a school training program.
Pedestrian injuries to children younger than 5 years of age.
Injuries to children and adolescents: impact on physical health.
Double-layered free temporal fascia flap as a two-layered tendon-gliding surface.
Transplantation of an osteoarthrotendinous allograft with autogenous soft-tissue coverage for thumb reconstruction.
Molecular characterization of the human delta-aminolevulinate dehydratase 2 (ALAD2) allele: implications for molecular screening of individuals for genetic susceptibility to lead poisoning.
Substance abuse disorders: a psychiatric priority. Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry Committee on Alcoholism and the Addictions.
Recent advances in the phencyclidine model of schizophrenia.
Neuroleptic use, parkinsonian symptoms, tardive dyskinesia, and associated factors in child and adolescent psychiatric patients.
Arthrofibrosis in acute anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. The effect of timing of reconstruction and rehabilitation.
Impact biomechanics of lateral knee bracing. The anterior cruciate ligament.
The axial load teardrop fracture. A biomechanical, clinical and roentgenographic analysis.
Soccer injuries among elite female players.
Neuropsychologic test performance in amateur boxers.
Stress avulsion fracture of the tarsal navicular. An uncommon sports-related overuse injury.
Magnetic resonance imaging of traumatic knee articular cartilage injuries.
Partial rupture of the patellar ligament. Results after operative treatment.
Effectiveness of orthotic shoe inserts in the long-distance runner.
Neurapraxia of the femoral nerve in a modern dancer.
Isolated avulsion of the popliteus tendon. A case report.
Enhanced potency of receptor-selective opioids after acute burn injury.
Occupational asthma due to latex surgical gloves.
Finger tremor after carbon disulfide-based pesticide exposures.
Polymyositis after ciguatera toxin exposure.
Stress and alcohol interaction: an update of human research.
The dorsal antiglide plate in the treatment of Danis-Weber type-B fractures of the distal fibula.
Comparison of modified amino acids and standard amino acids in parenteral nutrition support of thermally injured patients.
Identifying injuries and trauma severity in large databases.
Percutaneous drainage of traumatic pancreatic pseudocysts in children.
Hypothesis: is lung disease after silicate inhalation caused by oxidant generation?
Supralethal magnesemia with patient survival.
Osteoradionecrosis of sphenoid and temporal bones in a patient with maxillary sinus carcinoma: a case report.
Prophylactic ankle bracing.
Patterns of rates of mortality from narcotics and cocaine overdose in Texas, 1976-87.
Providing cost efficient detoxification services to alcoholic patients.
Sentinel surveillance of HIV infection among new inmates and implications for policies of corrections facilities.
Injury of the Achilles tendon: diagnosis with sonography.
Osteochondral impaction of the femoral head associated with hip dislocation: CT study in 35 patients.
Effects of recombinant human growth hormone on donor-site healing in severely burned children.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection among homeless men in a New York City shelter. Association with Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Cardiac allograft function with corticosteroid-free maintenance immunosuppression.
Administration of a synthetic antiprotease reduces smoke-induced lung injury.
Factors associated with short- versus long-term skilled nursing facility placement among community-living hip fracture patients.
Nutrition and translocation.
Carcinoma of the prostate. Treating disease that has metastasized.
Fracture of the pelvis: current concepts of classification.
MR imaging of fractures of the growth plate.
Localization and guided removal of soft-tissue foreign bodies with sonography.
Effects of TRH-analog treatment on tissue cations, phospholipids and energy metabolism after spinal cord injury.
Long-term predictors of outcome in abstinent alcoholic men.
An analysis of synapsin II, a neuronal phosphoprotein, in postmortem brain tissue from alcoholic and neuropsychiatrically ill adults and medically ill children and young adults.
Spinal cord trauma in man: studies of phosphorylated neurofilament and ubiquitin expression.
Prevention of adult respiratory distress syndrome with plasminogen activator in pigs.
Acute lung injury from mechanical ventilation at moderately high airway pressures.
Is vitamin D necessary for skeletal integrity in the elderly?
Current treatment reduces calories required to maintain weight in pediatric patients with burns.
Topical Bactroban (mupirocin): efficacy in treating burn wounds infected with methicillin-resistant staphylococci.
Sulpiride in tardive dyskinesia.
Alcohol-related traffic fatalities--United States, 1982-1989.
Hepatitis C quantification and sequencing in blood products, haemophiliacs, and drug users.
Sexual transmission of hepatitis C virus and its relation with hepatitis B virus and HIV
The route of feeding influences injury responses.
Regulation of renal function in thermal injury.
MR imaging of displaced bucket-handle tear of the medial meniscus.
Diaphragmatic rupture due to blunt trauma: sensitivity of plain chest radiographs
Sensitivity of in vivo X-ray fluorescence determination of skeletal lead stores.
Hepatitis C virus antibodies in chronic alcoholic patients: association with severity of liver injury.
Blunt abdominal trauma resulting in intestinal obstruction: when to operate?
Hepatitis B vaccination programs for health care personnel in U.S. hospitals.
Cost estimates for statewide reporting of injuries by E coding hospital discharge abstract data base systems.
Failure of ciprofloxacin to eradicate convalescent fecal excretion after acute salmonellosis: experience during an outbreak in health care workers.
Tornado disaster--Illinois, 1990.
Ankle sprains are always more than 'just a sprain'.
Renal sonography in asymptomatic persons with spinal cord injury: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Effect of exogenous growth hormone on whole-body and isolated-limb protein kinetics in burned patients.
Pathophysiologic glucocorticoid levels and survival of translocating bacteria.
Survival following severe overdose with mexiletene, nifedipine, and nitroglycerine.
Mortality attributable to HIV infection/AIDS--United States, 1981-1990.
Laboratory-acquired meningococcemia--California and Massachusetts.
Circumspinal decompression for thoracic myelopathy due to combined ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament and ligamentum flavum.
Lateral rhachotomy for thoracic spinal lesions.
Value of CT in determining the need for angiography when findings of mediastinal hemorrhage on chest radiographs are equivocal.
MR of the knee: the significance of high signal in the meniscus that does not clearly extend to the surface.
Clinical course and outcome in class IC antiarrhythmic overdose.
Telencephalic dysgenesis associated with presumptive maternal carbon monoxide intoxication in the first trimester of pregnancy.
Fast neutron treatment for squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: final report of Edinburgh randomised trial
PEG ileus. A new cause of small bowel obstruction.
A method for allocation of hearing handicap.
Cholelithiasis after treatment for childhood cancer.
Intracerebral hemorrhage, cerebral infarction, and subdural hematoma after acute myocardial infarction and thrombolytic therapy in the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Study. Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, Phase II, pilot and clinical trial.
Dopa-responsive dystonia: long-term treatment response and prognosis.
Immediate enteral feeding in burn patients is safe and effective.
Diltiazem-induced psychosis and a possible diltiazem-lithium interaction.
Intraocular tissue plasminogen activator in a rabbit model of traumatic hyphema.
Efficacy of oral streptokinase-streptodornase in the treatment of ankle sprains.
Experience with surgical resection of heterotopic bone in spinal cord injury patients.
Heterotopic bone formation in thermal burns.
Trauma care reimbursement: comparison of DRGs to an injury severity-based payment system.
Injuries in the 1987 national amateur volleyball tournament.
A three-phase analysis of the prevention of recreational softball injuries.
Demographic characteristics, drug use, and sexual behavior of i.v. drug user with AIDS in Bronx, New York.
Spontaneous fractures of the long bones in nursing home patients.
Lead poisoning among bricklayers--Washington State.
Human rabies--Texas, 1990.
Control of excessive lead exposure in radiator repair workers.
Common ankle injuries in the athlete.
Elevated urinary C-peptide excretion in multiple trauma patients.
Ipsilateral fracture-dislocation of the hip, knee, and ankle: case report.
Update: surveillance of outbreaks--United States, 1990.
Fatal pediatric poisoning from leaded paint--Wisconsin, 1990.
Rehabilitation in spinal cord disorders. 3. Comprehensive management of spinal cord injury.
Regulation of granulomatous inflammation in murine schistosomiasis. V. Antigen-induced T cell-derived suppressor factors down-regulate proliferation and IL-2, but not IL-4, production by CD4+ effector T cells.
AIDS-related knowledge and behaviors among teenagers--Italy, 1990.
Metabolic and immune effect of vitamin E supplementation after burn.
Overzealous resuscitation of an extremely malnourished patient with nutritional cardiomyopathy.
Asbestos exposure and asbestos-related pleural and parenchymal disease. Associations with immune imbalance.
Recurrence of hepatitis C virus infection after orthotopic liver transplantation.
Elevated intraoperative blood carboxyhemoglobin levels in surgical patients--Georgia, Illinois, and North Carolina.
Growth of tracheal anastomoses: advantage of absorbable interrupted sutures [published erratum appears in Ann Thorac Surg 1991 Jul;52(1):176]
A simple biological index for detection of alcoholic liver disease in drinkers.
The morbidity of long-term seizure monitoring using subdural strip electrodes.
Proteins of the complement system and acute phase reactants in sera of patients with spinal cord injury.
The pulsatile secretion of gonadotropins and growth hormone, and the biological activity of luteinizing hormone in men acutely intoxicated with ethanol.
Treatment of experimental foreign body infection caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Loss of antibodies against hepatitis C virus in HIV-seropositive intravenous drug users.
A chemical score to evaluate the protein quality of commercial parenteral and enteral formulas: emphasis on formulas for patients with liver failure.
Dietary fiber and bowel function in tube-fed patients.
Prospective evaluation of epidural and intravenous administration of fentanyl for pain control and restoration of ventilatory function following multiple rib fractures.
PMCs--an alternative to DRGs for trauma care reimbursement.
Gastroenteritis associated with consumption of raw shellfish--Hawaii, 1991.
Black-white differences in alcohol use by women: Baltimore survey findings.
Mild orotic aciduria and uricosuria in severe trauma victims.
Fungal translocation is associated with increased mortality after thermal injury in guinea pigs.
Antacid, sucralfate, and prostaglandin E2 effects on the growth and potential for translocation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli, and Staphylococcus aureus in an in vitro gastric simulation.
Length of care in patients with severe burns with or without early enteral nutritional support. A retrospective study.
Lack of evidence for a percent saturation gap in cyanide poisoning.
Acute misoprostol toxicity.
The use of albumin in clinical practice.
Audit of ankle injuries in an accident and emergency department.
Difference in the phenotypes of bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocytes in patients with summer-type hypersensitivity pneumonitis, farmer's lung, ventilation pneumonitis, and bird fancier's lung: report of a nationwide epidemiologic study in Japan.
Thoracic myelopathy caused by ossification of the ligamentum flavum. Clinicopathologic study and surgical treatment.
Occupational carpal tunnel syndrome in Washington State, 1984-1988.
Seroepidemiology of hepatitis C virus infection in Taiwan.
Selective uptake of glutamine in the gastrointestinal tract: confirmation in a human study.
Spinal epidural hematoma causing cord compression after tissue plasminogen activator and heparin therapy.
Resistance of Staphylococcus aureus recovered from infected foreign body in vivo to killing by antimicrobials.
Bladder instillations of trisdine compared with catheter introducer for reduction of bacteriuria during intermittent catheterisation of patients with acute spinal cord trauma.
Improvement by acetylcysteine of hemodynamics and oxygen transport in fulminant hepatic failure.
Leucine dose response in the reduction of urea production from septic proteolysis and in the stimulation of acute-phase proteins.
Prolonged hypofibrinogenemia and protein C activation after envenoming by Echis carinatus sochureki.
Emergency intubation for paralysis of the uncooperative trauma patient.
Dose-response studies with thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in abstinent male alcoholics: evidence for selective thyrotroph dysfunction?
A one-year prospective ED cohort of pediatric burns: a proposal for standardizing scald burns.
Nutritional support in the injured patient.
Nutrition and metabolism in sepsis and multisystem organ failure.
Hepatotoxicity of rifampin and isoniazid. Is it all drug-induced hepatitis?
Evaluation of a synthetic wound dressing capable of releasing silver sulfadiazine.
Bacterial virulence and host selection: bacteria "select" patients to infect.
Immunohistochemical localization of tissue-type plasminogen activator in the lining wall of chronic subdural hematoma.
Heterotopic ossification and peripheral nerve entrapment: early diagnosis and excision.
Frequent injecting impairs lymphocyte reactivity in HIV-positive and HIV-negative drug users.
Gastrostomy tube transmigration: a rare cause of small bowel obstruction.
Demonstration of transient bacterobilia by foreign body implantation in feline biliary tract.
Hemodynamic and metabolic effects of aortic unclamping following emergency surgery for traumatic thoracic aortic tear in shunted and unshunted patients.
Structural measures as predictors of injury basketball players.
Need for the lead mobilization test in children with lead poisoning.
Treatment of compound fractures.
Nutritional influence on the plasma and urine-free alkaline ribonuclease levels in severe trauma victims.
Obligatory negative nitrogen balance following spinal cord injury.
Injuries among young soccer players.
Syndesmotic ankle sprains.
Complications following external beam radiation therapy for prostate cancer: an analysis of patients treated with and without staging pelvic lymphadenectomy.
Accidental astemizole overdose in young children.
Trauma to elbows, knees, and ankles.
The feasibility of collecting drug abuse data by telephone.
Childhood injury prevention in a suburban Massachusetts population.
Quantifying the disease impact of alcohol with ARDI software.
Followup study of possible HIV seropositivity among abusers of parenteral drugs in 1971-72.
Designing an AIDS information campaign to reach intravenous drug users and sex partners.
The cost of medical care for injuries to children.
Radiotherapy of advanced laryngeal cancer using three small fractions daily.
Epidemiology of hepatitis C virus infection in a suburban Detroit community.
Detection of hepatitis C viral RNA in serum of a patient with acute non A, non B hepatitis.
Fatty acids in human platelets and plasma. Fish oils decrease sensitivity toward N2 microbubbles.
Very severe self-poisoning lithium carbonate intoxication causing a myocardial infarction.
Hepatitis C virus antibodies in acute icteric and chronic non-A, non-B hepatitis.
Indications for radiography in patients with acute ankle injuries: role of the physical examination.
Occult surgical glove perforations in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
The odontoid process in Morquio-Brailsford's disease. The effects of occipitocervical fusion.
Risk factors for Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever in rural northern Senegal.
Four years of North American registry home parenteral nutrition outcome data and their implications for patient management.
Effect of total parenteral nutrition with xylitol on protein and energy metabolism in thermally injured rats.
A comprehensive local program for the prevention of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Availability and use of hepatitis B vaccine in laboratory and nursing schools in the United States.
