The treatment of vulval lichen sclerosus with a very potent topical steroid (clobetasol propionate 0.05%) cream.
Chronic subcorneal pustulosis with vasculitis: a variant of generalized pustular psoriasis in black South Africans.
A case of candidal umbilical granuloma.
Multiple keratoacanthomas: a case report with evidence of regression with thymic hormone.
Is erythrokeratoderma one disorder? A clinical and ultrastructural study of two siblings.
Congenital hypertrichosis lanuginosa and congenital glaucoma.
Occupational skin disease in Western Australia.
Computerized analysis of concomitant contact allergens.
Screening for corticosteroid contact sensitivity. Comparison of tixocortol pivalate, hydrocortisone-17-butyrate and hydrocortisone.
Cutting oil dermatitis on guinea pig skin. (II). Emollient creams and cutting oil dermatitis.
Systemic contact dermatitis from pseudoephedrine.
Contact sensitivity to miconazole with ortho-chloro cross-sensitivity to other imidazoles.
HLA association with dermatitis herpetiformis is accounted for by a cis or transassociated DQ heterodimer.
A new hydrophilic copolymer membrane for dermabrasion.
Hairline design and placement.
Flash lamp pumped dye laser for rosacea-associated telangiectasia and erythema.
Nerve blocks for cutaneous surgery on the foot.
Management of childhood cholesteatoma.
Post-traumatic cholesteatoma.
Collagenous colitis: a prospective trial of prednisolone in six patients.
A case of systemic mastocytosis; therapeutic efficacy of ketotifen.
Congenital cholesteatoma of the middle ear in children: a clinical and histopathological report.
Closure of tracheocutaneous fistula with perichondrial flap following cricothyroidotomy.
Status of the valves in the superficial and deep venous system in chronic venous disease.
Nongenital warts: classification and treatment options.
Office dermatologic testing: the KOH preparation.
Cholesteatoma: recognition and management.
The role of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-I in experimental renal growth and scarring.
Methotrexate and histologic hepatic abnormalities: a meta-analysis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma manifested as lower extremity ulcers--case reports.
Orbital and eyelid involvement with Erdheim-Chester disease. A report of two cases.
Esophagocutaneous fistula after anterior cervical spine surgery and successful treatment using a sternocleidomastoid muscle flap. A case report.
Newborn chemical exposure from over-the-counter skin care products.
Corticosteroid sensitivity and cross-sensitivity. A review of 18 cases 1967-1988.
Contact sensitization of mice to nickel sulphate and potassium dichromate.
A quantitative structure activity/dose response relationship for contact allergic potential of alkyl group transfer agents.
Contact and photocontact allergy to ketoprofen: clinical and experimental study.
Sensitizing risk of butylated hydroxytoluene based on exposure and effect data.
Inhibitory effect of zinc oxide on contact allergy due to colophony.
Contact allergy due to colophony (VII). Sensitizing studies with oxidation products of abietic and related acids.
Phototoxicity due to Cachrys libanotis.
The nickel content of certain commercially available metallic patch test materials and its relevance in nickel-sensitive subjects.
Cutting oil dermatitis on guinea pig skin (I). Cutting oil dermatitis and barrier cream.
Minimum eliciting patch test concentration of thimerosal.
Allergic contact dermatitis from eosin.
Capsaicin enhances allergic contact dermatitis in the guinea pig.
Nickel-sulphate-induced contact dermatitis in the guinea pig maximization test: a dose-response study.
Allergic contact dermatitis from Dittrichia viscosa (L.) Greuter.
Chlorhexidine gluconate and acetate in patch testing.
Occupational contact dermatitis due to acrylonitrile.
Vaccination despite thimerosal sensitivity.
Diagnosing and managing oral lichen planus.
Arcanobacterium hemolyticum infection: confused with scarlet fever and diphtheria.
Detection of cross-reactive idiotypes in the serum of patients with bullous pemphigoid.
Characterization of pemphigus foliaceus antigen from human epidermis.
Immunosuppressive effects of transforming growth factor beta: inhibition of the induction of Ia antigen on Langerhans cells by cytokines and of the contact hypersensitivity response.
Extracellular localization of human connective tissue mast cell granule contents.
Induction of suppressor T cells and inhibition of contact hypersensitivity in mice by 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate and its analogs.
The autologous mixed epidermal cell-T lymphocyte reaction is elevated in psoriasis: a crucial role for epidermal HLA-DR+/CD1a- antigen-presenting cells.
Bullous pemphigoid antigen: cDNA cloning, cellular expression, and evidence for polymorphism of the human gene.
Effect of sodium lauryl sulfate-induced skin irritation on in vitro percutaneous absorption of four drugs.
Increased dermal expression of platelet-derived growth factor receptors in growth-activated skin wounds and psoriasis.
Complexion changes in oral contraceptive users. Results from a phase IV multicenter trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ethynodiol diacetate, 1 mg, with ethinyl estradiol, 35 micrograms.
Total knee arthroplasty: a population-based study.
Effects of occupational therapy home service on patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Bone-marrow transplantation for congenital erythropoietic porphyria.
Necrotizing myopathy with pipestem capillaries, microvascular deposition of the complement membrane attack complex (MAC), and minimal cellular infiltration.
Pearly penile papules: absence of human papillomavirus DNA by the polymerase chain reaction.
Salivary function of persons with hereditary epidermolysis bullosa.
Neurologic disorders and dermatologic manifestations in HIV-infected children.
Formaldehyde: an analysis of its respiratory, cutaneous, and immunologic effects.
Interstitial lung disease associated with connective tissue diseases. The use of statistical structure analysis in model development.
Time course of ozone-induced neutrophilia in normal humans.
Melanosis coli: a case report in a trauma patient and review of the literature.
Evaluation of Social Security disability in claimants with rheumatic disease.
Cellular, immunologic and biochemical characterization of topical retinoic acid-treated human skin [published erratum appears in J Invest Dermatol 1991 Jun;96(6):814]
Toxicity profiles of disease modifying antirheumatic drugs in rheumatoid arthritis.
Segregation analysis of the structural genes of the major fibrillar collagens provides further evidence of molecular heterogeneity in type II Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Limited heterogeneity of the HLA class II contribution to susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis is suggested by positive associations with HLA-DR4, DR1 and DRw10.
Susceptibility to and severity of rheumatoid arthritis in multicase families.
Interleukin-6 activity in paired samples of synovial fluid. Correlation of synovial fluid interleukin-6 levels with clinical and laboratory parameters of inflammation.
The occurrence and significance of hand deformities in early rheumatoid arthritis.
High definition computed tomography in rheumatoid arthritis associated pulmonary disease.
Articular disease severity in rheumatoid subjects with and without Felty's syndrome.
S-adenosyl-L-methionine in the treatment of patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study with negative results.
Localized recurrent postoperative pernio associated with leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum associated with systemic lupus erythematosus: response to pulse steroid therapy.
Buschke-Ollendorff syndrome of the scalp: histologic and ultrastructural findings.
Occupational urticaria from welding polyurethane.
Tertiary syphilis of the face.
Papillon-Lefevre syndrome with acroosteolysis.
IgA pemphigus foliaceus with a clinical presentation of pemphigus herpetiformis.
Membranous lipodystrophy: primary idiopathic type.
Pigmented postacne osteoma cutis in a patient treated with minocycline: report and review of the literature.
Improvement of scleromyxedema associated with isotretinoin therapy.
Syringoid eccrine carcinoma.
Diagnosis of cutaneous cytomegalovirus infection: a review and report of a case.
Treatment of Mycobacterium chelonae infection with controlled localized heating.
Linear lupus erythematosus profundus in a child.
Muir-Torre syndrome associated with alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency and cutaneous vasculitis. Report of a case with exacerbation of a cutaneous neoplasm during immunosuppressive therapy.
Primary cutaneous mucormycosis in a healthy young girl. Report of a case caused by Mucor hiemalis Wehmer.
Acne fulminans with hepatosplenomegaly and erythema nodosum migrans.
Dowling-Degos disease, hidradenitis suppurativa, and multiple keratoacanthomas. A disorder that may be caused by a single underlying defect in pilosebaceous epithelial proliferation.
Urticaria pigmentosa and preleukemia: evidence for reactive mast cell proliferation.
Follicular accentuation of leukocytoclastic vasculitis in an HIV-seropositive man. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis.
Panniculitis in an immunocompromised patient.
The Marfan syndrome: abnormal aortic elastic properties.
Epikeratoplasty for keratoglobus associated with blue sclera.
HMB-45 immunohistochemical staining of conjunctival melanocytic lesions.
Chlorhexidine mouthwash-induced fixed drug eruption. Case report and review of the literature.
Oral soft tissues in hereditary epidermolysis bullosa.
Incontinentia pigmenti (Bloch-Sulzberger syndrome). A case report.
Reconstruction of the entire upper eyelid area with a subcutaneous pedicle flap based on the orbicularis oculi muscle.
Transverse lumbar flap for sacral bed sores.
Klebsiella pneumoniae urinary tract infection complicated by endophthalmitis, perinephric abscess, and ecthyma gangrenosum.
Dilated rough endoplasmic reticulum and premature death in melanocytes cultured from the vitiligo mouse.
Haem arginate in acute hereditary coproporphyria.
Treatment of rheumatoid arthritis by extracorporeal photochemotherapy. A pilot study.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug therapy in rheumatoid arthritis patients. Lack of association between clinical improvement and effects on sleep.
The progression of erosion and joint space narrowing scores in rheumatoid arthritis during the first twenty-five years of disease.
The impact of rheumatoid arthritis on the household work performance of women.
Identification and characterization of opsonic fibronectin in synovial fluids of patients with active rheumatoid arthritis.
The clinical and health status of patients with recent-onset rheumatoid arthritis.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) transcripts identified in HIV-related psoriasis and Kaposi's sarcoma lesions.
Pharmacologic modulation of picryl chloride-induced contact dermatitis in the mouse.
Increased IL-6 production by monocytes and keratinocytes in patients with psoriasis.
Cicatricial pemphigoid antigen differs from bullous pemphigoid antigen by its exclusive extracellular localization: a study by indirect immunoelectronmicroscopy.
Local suppression of contact hypersensitivity in mice by a new bifunctional psoralen, 4,4',5'-trimethylazapsoralen, and UVA radiation.
Upper keratinocytes of psoriatic skin lesions express high levels of NAP-1/IL-8 mRNA in situ.
Analysis of antibody titers to Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigens in sera of patients with Sjogren's syndrome and with rheumatoid arthritis.
The cost of home air-fluidized therapy for pressure sores. A randomized controlled trial.
Antiphospholipid antibodies in cerebral ischemia.
Diphenhydramine toxicity in three children with varicella-zoster infection.
Postmortem studies of the heart in three fatal cases of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Hearing and vestibular disturbances in Behcet's syndrome.
Effect of cyclosporine A on the hearing loss in Behcet's disease.
Perinatal vertical transmission of human papillomavirus and subsequent development of respiratory tract papillomatosis.
Treatment of open-skin wounds with electric stimulation.
Preventing heel ulcers: a comparison of prophylactic body-support systems.
Elevated plasma levels of hyaluronate in patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Serum hyaluronate level as a predictor of radiologic progression in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Association of HLA-DR4 with a more progressive disease course in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Results of a followup study.
Subclass distribution and size of human IgA rheumatoid factor at mucosal and nonmucosal sites.
Expression of large quantities of rheumatoid factor major cross-reactive idiotype in the serum of adults with seropositive rheumatoid arthritis.
Insufficiency fractures of the distal tibia misdiagnosed as cellulitis in three patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Bullous pemphigoid autoantibodies, HIV-1 infection and pruritic papular eruption.
Vasodilatory capacity of the skin in venous disease and its relationship to transcutaneous oxygen tension.
Ankle arthrodesis with vertical Steinmann's pins in rheumatoid arthritis.
A method of ankle stabilization.
Ankle arthrodesis using internal screw fixation.
Ankle arthrodesis. A comparison of internal and external fixation.
Early loss of neurogenic inflammation in the human diabetic foot.
Trace elements and plasmapheresis.
Effect of PUVA on immunologic and virologic findings in HIV-infected patients.
Prevalence and clinical spectrum of skin diseases in kidney transplant recipients.
Piezogenic wrist papules: a common and asymptomatic finding.
Androgens and oligomenorrhea in hirsute women.
Treatment of lichen planus with acitretin. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study in 65 patients.
Successful treatment of adult Henoch-Schonlein purpura with factor XIII concentrate.
A double-blind, vehicle-controlled study of clobetasol propionate 0.05% (Temovate) scalp application in the treatment of moderate to severe scalp psoriasis.
Topical treatment of multiple actinic keratoses of the face with arotinoid methyl sulfone (Ro 14-9706) cream versus tretinoin cream: a double-blind, comparative study.
Weekly low-dose methotrexate therapy for cutaneous sarcoidosis.
Alopecia totalis: is treating nonresponder patients useful?
Chemotherapy-induced acral erythema.
A controlled study of the effectiveness of spot dermabrasion ('scarabrasion') on the appearance of surgical scars.
Necrolytic migratory erythema: dyskeratotic dermatitis, a clue to early diagnosis.
Genital human papillomavirus infection in men. Diagnosis and treatment with a laser and 5-fluorouracil.
Structure of recombinant human rheumatoid arthritic synovial fluid phospholipase A2 at 2.2 A resolution.
In situ hybridization analysis of human papillomavirus DNA in oral mucosal lesions.
In situ DNA hybridization analysis of oral papillomas, leukoplakias, and carcinomas for human papillomavirus.
Magnetic resonance assessment of the postoperative spine. Degenerative disc disease.
Infectious and inflammatory processes of the spine.
delta-Aminolevulinate dehydratase deficient porphyria: identification of the molecular lesions in a severely affected homozygote.
Localized depigmentation after steroid injection of a ganglion cyst on the hand.
Pathogenetic significance of reactive oxygen species in diffuse fibrosing alveolitis.
Long-term effects of cyclophosphamide and colchicine treatment in Behcet's disease.
Polarized light examination and photography of the skin.
'Irritants' increase the response to an allergen in allergic contact dermatitis.
Successful use of topical vitamin E solution in the treatment of nail changes in yellow nail syndrome.
Treatment of cutaneous sarcoidosis with chloroquine. Review of the literature.
Dysplastic nevi as risk markers of sporadic (nonfamilial) melanoma. A case-control study.
Hereditary lymphedema and distichiasis.
Expression of a cell adhesion protein (VLA beta) in normal and diseased skin.
Protein kinase C activity in normal and psoriatic cells: cultures of fibroblasts and lymphocytes.
Neuropeptides in skin disease: increased VIP in eczema and psoriasis but not axillary hyperhidrosis.
Superoxide dismutase in psoriasis, squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell epithelioma: an immunohistochemical study.
Measurement of involved surface area in patients with psoriasis.
Computer-assisted image analysis of skin surface replicas.
Red tattoo reactions: X-ray microanalysis and patch-test studies.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of topical PUVA in persistent palmoplantar pustulosis.
The relationship between plasma psoralen concentration and psoralen-UVA erythema.
Acantholytic dyskeratotic epidermal naevus in a patient with guttate psoriasis on PUVA therapy.
Erythroderma, palmoplantar keratoderma and profound failure to thrive in an infant.
Breast conservation therapy. Severe breast fibrosis after radiation therapy in patients with collagen vascular disease.
Rhabdomyolysis and cutaneous necrosis following intravenous vasopressin infusion.
Lichen planus and mesalazine.
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia: a newly recognized multisystem disease.
Rheumatoid factor detection in the unaffected first degree relatives in families with multicase rheumatoid arthritis.
Regulatory T cell activity specific to human type II and III collagens in rheumatoid arthritis.
Inability to interpret toxic salicylate levels in patients taking aspirin and diflunisal.
Intramuscular gold therapy is associated with long survival in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Severe pancytopenia in a patient taking low dose methotrexate and probenecid.
Improvement of psoriatic arthritis in a patient treated with bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia.
Hemobilia due to vasculitis of the gall bladder in a patient with mixed connective tissue disease.
Budd-Chiari syndrome in association with Behcet's disease.
Bazex syndrome (acrokeratosis paraneoplastica). An analytic review.
Cranial fasciitis: case report.
Perianal ulcer in disseminated histoplasmosis.
Clofazimine: a review of its use in leprosy and Mycobacterium avium complex infection.
Composite graft repair of Marfan aneurysm of the ascending aorta: results in 100 patients.
No linkage between D2 dopamine receptor gene region and schizophrenia.
Establishment in culture and characterization of a strain with mast cell and monocytic properties from the bone marrow of a child with diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis.
Urological aspects of Behcet's disease.
Pyoderma gangrenosum in inflammatory bowel disease.
Synthesis of collagen types I and III in reincised wounds in humans.
Bullous pyoderma gangrenosum after granulocyte colony-stimulating factor treatment.
The nature of the epithelium in acquired cholesteatoma.
Survivorship analysis of the uncemented porous-coated anatomic knee replacement [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Sep;73(8):1274]
Metal wear and tissue response in failed titanium alloy total hip replacements.
Corrosion of modular hip prostheses.
Dermatographism and cold-induced urticaria.
Therapeutic effects of cetirizine in delayed pressure urticaria: clinicopathologic findings.
Atopic dermatitis: new therapeutic considerations.
A current perspective on the role of eosinophils in dermatologic diseases.
The effect of an elemental diet with and without gluten on disease activity in dermatitis herpetiformis.
Examination of tetrachlorosalicylanilide (TCSA) photoallergy using in vitro photohapten-modified Langerhans cell-enriched epidermal cells.
Steady-state mRNA levels of collagens I, III, fibronectin, and collagenase in skin biopsies of systemic sclerosis patients.
Expression of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 receptors in normal and psoriatic skin.
Activation of collagen gene expression in keloids: co-localization of type I and VI collagen and transforming growth factor-beta 1 mRNA.
Specific nucleotide sequence of HLA-C is strongly associated with psoriasis vulgaris.
The subclass distribution of IgG autoantibodies in cicatricial pemphigoid and epidermolysis bullosa acquisita.
On a possible protective effect of HLA-A11 against skin cancer and keratotic skin lesions in renal transplant recipients.
Elevated thymidine phosphorylase activity in psoriatic lesions accounts for the apparent presence of an epidermal "growth inhibitor," but is not in itself growth inhibitory.
C5a, cutaneous mast cells, and inflammation: in vitro and in vivo studies in a murine model.
Identification of basement membrane zone antigens defined by antibodies that react to both the epidermal and dermal side of 1 M sodium chloride split skin.
DNA sequence analysis and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) typing of the HLA-DQw2 alleles associated with dermatitis herpetiformis.
Mastoid surgery at the Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital 1986-1988.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the transverse atlantal ligament for the evaluation of atlantoaxial instability.
Symptomatic xanthogranuloma of choroid plexus with unilateral hydrocephalus. Case report.
A ganglion of the temporomandibular joint: a case report.
Lichen sclerosus and squamous hyperplasia of the vulva. A clinical study of medical treatment.
Giant lichenification of the vulva with marked ulcerations. A case report.
Adrenergic regulation of lipolysis in a patient with lipoatrophy of the upper body.
Reversibility of blue-gray cutaneous discoloration from amiodarone.
Double-blind, controlled, crossover study of cyclosporin in adults with severe refractory atopic dermatitis.
Linkage of Marfan syndrome and a phenotypically related disorder to two different fibrillin genes
Partial sequence of a candidate gene for the Marfan syndrome
Marfan syndrome caused by a recurrent de novo missense mutation in the fibrillin gene
Stimulation of healing of chronic wounds by epidermal growth factor.
Alternating-pattern Z-plasties in association with V-Y advancements: a new idea of multiple Z-plasties.
Interface-area-to-volume ratio of interstitial fluid in humans determined by pharmacokinetic analysis of netilmicin in small and large skin blisters.
Responses of glucose and glucoregulatory hormones to exercise in thyrotoxic and myxoedematous patients before and after 3 months of treatment.
Endometriosis in episiotomy scar with anal sphincter involvement. Report of a case.
Long acting drug combinations in rheumatoid arthritis: a formal overview.
Methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis: effects on disease activity in a multicenter prospective study.
Low dose prednisone does not affect calcium homeostasis or bone density in postmenopausal women with rheumatoid arthritis.
Prolactin and gonadal hormones during pregnancy in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Specificity, sensitivity and diagnostic predictive value of selected laboratory generated autoantibody profiles in patients with connective tissue diseases.
Pregnancy outcome in patients with high titer anti-RNP antibodies. A retrospective study of 40 pregnancies.
Nocardia asteroides infection complicating rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid iliopsoas bursitis presenting as unilateral femoral nerve palsy.
Seronegative symmetric polyarthritis in Sezary syndrome.
Kaposi's sarcoma in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis possible responsibility of captopril in the development of lesions.
Congenital keratinizing desquamative squamous epithelium of the entire urinary tract.
The abdomen, thigh, and arm as sites for subcutaneous sodium heparin injections.
Evidence for the effects of a superantigen in rheumatoid arthritis.
A CD18 monoclonal antibody increases the incidence and severity of subcutaneous abscess formation after high-dose Staphylococcus aureus injection in rabbits.
Intravenous heme-albumin in acute intermittent porphyria: evidence for repletion of hepatic hemoproteins and regulatory heme pools.
Effectiveness of an acaricide in management of house dust mite allergy.
Hereditary coproporphyria: an imitator of multiple sclerosis.
Synovial fluid 5'-nucleotidase activity. Relationship to other purine catabolic enzymes and to arthropathies associated with calcium crystal deposition.
The latex test revisited. Rheumatoid factor testing in 8,287 rheumatic disease patients.
Methotrexate versus azathioprine in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. A forty-eight-week randomized, double-blind trial.
Endothelin, an endothelial-dependent vasoconstrictor in scleroderma. Enhanced production and profibrotic action.
Familial leg ulcers of juvenile onset
Hair transplantation in advanced male pattern alopecia. The role of incisional slit grafting
Topical nitrogen mustard: an effective treatment for cutaneous Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
Stanozolol in treatment of leg ulcers due to cryofibrinogenaemia.
Office dermatologic surgery and laser therapy.
Lamina repair and replacement to control laminectomy membrane formation in dogs.
Vasculitic skin ulcers associated with myelofibrosis--a case report.
Idiopathic and L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilic fasciitis before and after L-tryptophan contamination.
Transforming growth factor alpha expression helps to distinguish keratoacanthomas from squamous cell carcinomas.
Cyclosporine in psoriasis treatment. Inhibition of keratinocyte cell-cycle progression in G1 independent of effects on transforming growth factor alpha/epidermal growth factor receptor pathways.
Prevalence and characteristics of anti-single-stranded DNA antibodies in localized scleroderma. Comparison with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Incidence of psoriasis in Rochester, Minn, 1980-1983.
Isolation of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in cutaneous blister fluid.
Seborrheic keratoses from the genital region may contain human papillomavirus DNA.
Medical defense against blistering chemical warfare agents.
Evidence for impaired erythropoietin response to anaemia in rheumatoid disease.
Which patients see a rheumatologist? SWRACR (South Western Regional Advisory Committee on Rheumatology).
Plasma levels of interleukin-1-alpha in rheumatoid arthritis.
A comparison of disability measured by the Stanford Health Assessment Questionnaire disability scales (HAQ) in male and female rheumatoid outpatients.
Familial multiple bilateral pneumothorax associated with Marfan syndrome.
Hemopericardium: a late complication after repair of pectus excavatum.
Upregulated expression and function of VLA-4 fibronectin receptors on human activated T cells in rheumatoid arthritis.
Twelve cases of Ki-1 positive anaplastic large cell lymphoma of skin.
Relation between patients' own health assessment and clinical and laboratory findings in rheumatoid arthritis.
Marital status in rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic disorders: a study of 7,293 patients.
Comparison of four articular indices for use in clinical trials in rheumatoid arthritis: patient, order and observer variation.
Analysis of methotrexate treatment effect in a longitudinal observational study: utility of cluster analysis.
Presence of immunoreactive endothelin in synovial fluid: analysis of 22 cases.
Esophageal involvement in mixed connective tissue disease.
Synovial fluid ATP: a potential substrate for the production of inorganic pyrophosphate.
Rheumatic manifestations in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Complete reversal of rheumatoid nodulosis.
Subcutaneous cholesterol crystals mimicking calcinosis cutis in systemic sclerosis.
Recurrent pericarditis and cardiac tamponade in a patient with hypocomplementemic urticarial vasculitis syndrome.
Cardiac manifestations of Weber-Christian disease: report and review of the literature.
Cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa and ulcerative colitis.
Scleroderma-like fasciitis without eosinophilia after L-tryptophan ingestion.
MRI reveals multiple reversible cerebral lesions in an attack of acute intermittent porphyria.
Remission and recurrence after withdrawal of therapy for ocular cicatricial pemphigoid.
Pressure sores--a multifaceted approach to prevention and treatment.
Characterization of a COL1A1 splicing defect in a case of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type VII: further evidence of molecular homogeneity.
Molecular heterogeneity of acute intermittent porphyria: identification of four additional mutations resulting in the CRIM-negative subtype of the disease.
A common Lithuanian mutation causing familial hypercholesterolemia in Ashkenazi Jews.
Clinical patterns and associated conditions in chronic uveitis.
The effect of topical administration of indomethacin on symptoms in corneal scars and edema.
Fitting of aspheric high gas-permeable rigid contact lenses to scarred corneas.
Systemic cold urticaria in a five-year-old boy.
Genital human papillomavirus infection in female university students as determined by a PCR-based method
Patellofemoral pain. An arthroscopic perspective.
Lymphocyte transformation and thiuram sensitization.
Quantification of allergic and irritant patch test reactions using laser-Doppler flowmetry and erythema index.
The loss of contact sensitization in man.
Sensitivity to thimerosal and photosensitivity to piroxicam.
Contact dermatitis due to topical treatment with garlic in Hong Kong.
Tussockosis: an outbreak of dermatitis caused by tussock moths in Singapore.
Systemic allergic contact dermatitis from intravesical instillation of the antitumor antibiotic mitomycin C.
Contact sensitivity (allergic contact dermatitis) to bis(tri-n-butyltin) oxide in mice.
Ultrasound B scanning with image analysis for assessment of allergic patch test reactions.
Frequency, spectrum and occupational relevance of type IV allergies to rubber chemicals.
Contact sensitization to textile dyes: description of 100 subjects.
A case of photosensitivity and contact allergy to systemic tricyclic drugs, with unusual features.
Patch test responses to rockwool of different diameters evaluated by cutaneous blood flow measurement.
alpha-Peroxyachifolid and other new sensitizing sesquiterpene lactones from yarrow (Achillea millefolium L., Compositae).
Allergic contact dermatitis from para-tertiary-butylphenol-formaldehyde resin (PTBP-FR) in athletic tape and leather adhesive.
Evaluation of calcium magnesium acetate and road salt for contact hypersensitivity potential and dermal irritancy in humans.
Allergic contact dermatitis from non-diglycidyl-ether-of-bisphenol-A epoxy resins.
Tumor necrosis factor.
Herpes simplex virus DNA in occult lesions: demonstration by the polymerase chain reaction.
Pityrosporum folliculitis in the Philippines: diagnosis, prevalence, and management.
Papular dermatitis in adults: subacute prurigo, American style?
Pityriasis rubra pilaris and HIV infection.
Idiopathic scrotal calcinosis is idiopathic.
Response to tumor necrosis factor in two cases of psoriasis.
A double-blind, vehicle-controlled study evaluating masoprocol cream in the treatment of actinic keratoses on the head and neck.
Topical photoprotection for hereditary polymorphic light eruption of American Indians.
Neurocutaneous melanosis: definition and review of the literature.
Ultrastructural observations on 'foam cells' and the source of their lipid in verruciform xanthoma.
Therapeutic use of cytokines in dermatology.
Quantitative nailfold capillary microscopy in cutaneous and systemic lupus erythematosus and localized and systemic scleroderma.
Direct immunofluorescence microscopy of 1 mol/L sodium chloride-treated patient skin.
Salt-split human skin substrate for the immunofluorescent screening of serum from patients with cicatricial pemphigoid and a new method of immunoprecipitation with IgA antibodies.
Amyopathic dermatomyositis (dermatomyositis sine myositis). Presentation of six new cases and review of the literature.
Antibodies to neutrophil cytoplasmic antigens: serologic marker for Sweet's syndrome.
Staphylococcal sepsis in HIV antibody seropositive psoriasis patients.
Low-dose weekly methotrexate for unusual neutrophilic vascular reactions: cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa and Behcet's disease.
Gypsy moth caterpillar dermatitis--revisited.
Acitretin in the treatment of severe disorders of keratinization. Results of an open study.
Cicatricial pemphigoid.
Acute and chronic urticaria and angioedema.
Urticaria and angioedema: diagnosis and evaluation.
Pharmacologic therapy for urticaria.
Mast cells and their role in urticaria.
Antibodies to IL-3 and IL-4 suppress helminth-induced intestinal mastocytosis.
Computed tomography of the postoperative intervertebral disc and lumbar spinal canal: serial long-term investigation in 19 patients after successful operation for lumbar disc herniation.
Collagen vascular diseases of childhood.
Neonatal skin disorders.
Atopic dermatitis in infants and children.
All about ichthyosis.
Childhood exanthems. Old and new.
Disorders of the hair and scalp in children.
Nail disorders in children.
Blistering disorders in childhood.
Mucocutaneous disease in pediatric human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Disorders of hypopigmentation in children.
Human type VII collagen: cDNA cloning and chromosomal mapping of the gene.
Surgical depilation for the treatment of pseudofolliculitis or local hirsutism of the face: experience in the first 40 patients.
Intraoral reconstruction with a microvascular peritoneal flap.
Diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage.
Membranous lipodystrophy: MR imaging appearance of the brain.
Endorectal sonography in the evaluation of rectal and perirectal disease.
Cervical paraspinal calcification in collagen vascular diseases.
Treatment failure of genital condylomata acuminata in women: role of the male sexual partner.
Gamma glutamyl transpeptidase expression in foetal skin, inflammatory dermatoses and cutaneous neoplasia.
Increased tryptase levels in suction-blister fluid from patients with urticaria.
Measurement of cutaneous inflammatory reactions using a scanning laser-Doppler velocimeter.
Altered cell-mediated immunity to group A haemolytic streptococcal antigens in chronic plaque psoriasis.
In-vivo epidermal nuclear reactions: a selective process.
Etretinate and visual function: a 1-year follow-up study.
Plasma levels of 8-methoxypsoralen following oral or bath-water treatment.
The influence of the menstrual cycle and pregnancy on atopic dermatitis.
The induction of epidermal ornithine decarboxylase following tape stripping is inhibited by a topical vitamin D3 analogue (MC903).
Lupus erythematosus profundus with partial C4 deficiency responding to thalidomide.
Pellagra in a patient with an eating disorder.
Localized pemphigoid shares the same target antigen as bullous pemphigoid.
Tuberculosis verrucosa cutis in a tumour-like form.
In-vitro DNA synthesis of keratinocytes in normal human skin, psoriasis, seborrhoeic keratosis, Bowen's disease and basal cell carcinoma.
Epidemiology of chronic venous ulcers.
Influence of phlebographic abnormalities on the natural history of venous ulceration.
Immunohistochemical analysis of estrogen receptors, progesterone receptors, Ki-67 antigen, and human papillomavirus DNA in normal and neoplastic epithelium of the uterine cervix.
Isolated incisional metastases after intraperitoneal radioactive chromic phosphate therapy for ovarian carcinoma.
Transient penetration of the hip joint during in situ cannulated-screw fixation of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Insulin effects on glucose and potassium metabolism in vivo: evidence for selective insulin resistance in humans.
Acanthosis Nigricans, insulin action, and hyperandrogenism: clinical, histological, and biochemical findings.
Structural aberration of the rough endoplasmic reticulum and melanosome compartmentalization in long-term cultures of melanocytes from vitiligo patients.
T-lymphocyte-activating properties of epidermal antigen-presenting cells from normal and psoriatic skin: evidence that psoriatic epidermal antigen-presenting cells resemble cultured normal Langerhans cells.
A successful murine model for contact sensitization to a sesquiterpene-alpha-methylene-gamma-butyrolactone: sensitization to alantolactone in four strains of mice.
Collagen metabolism in cutis laxa fibroblasts: increased collagenase gene expression associated with unaltered expression of type I and type III collagen.
Irradiation of protoporphyric mice induces down-regulation of epidermal eicosanoid metabolism.
DNA image cytometry of keratoacanthoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
Blood mononuclear cells from patients with psoriasis exhibit an enhanced adherence to cultured vascular endothelium.
Detection of human papillomaviruses in paraffin-embedded condylomata acuminata--comparison of immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization, and polymerase chain reaction.
Soluble interleukin-2 receptor levels in patients with dermatitis herpetiformis.
Realities in ossiculoplasty.
Purulent corporeal cavernositis secondary to papaverine-induced priapism.
Venogenic impotence following dermal graft repair for Peyronie's disease.
Relation between skin cancer and HLA antigens in renal-transplant recipients
Local toxicity with subcutaneous methadone. Experience of two centers.
Central pruritus. Case report.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa cellulitis and ecthyma gangrenosum in immunocompromised children.
Diagnosing rheumatoid arthritis: current criteria.
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus in children.
A comparison of changes in the transcutaneous oxygen tension and capillary blood flow in the skin with increasing compressive weights.
Mechanisms of action of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy and potential use in autoimmune connective tissue diseases.
Surgery for chronic ear disease in a non-university hospital: open cavity, obliteration and intact canal wall techniques.
Human parvovirus B19 and its associated diseases.
Hair anatomy for the clinician.
Cutaneous manifestations of cryoglobulinemia: clinical and histopathologic study of seventy-two patients.
Studies of laminin and type IV collagen in blisters of porphyria cutanea tarda and drug-induced pseudoporphyria.
Nonhealing leg ulcers: a manifestation of basal cell carcinoma.
Serum aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: relation to liver fibrosis and arthritis.
Papular mucinosis in L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Photopatch testing: the 5-year experience of the German, Austrian, and Swiss Photopatch Test Group.
What dermatologists should know about digital imaging.
Identification of a major peanut allergen, Ara h I, in patients with atopic dermatitis and positive peanut challenges.
Venous obstruction: an analysis of one hundred thirty-seven cases with hemodynamic, venographic, and clinical correlations.
Ocular cicatricial pemphigoid occurring as a sequela of Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
Pseudomonas folliculitis from a health club whirlpool.
Chronic dermal ulcer healing enhanced with monophasic pulsed electrical stimulation.
Marfan syndrome: no evidence for heterogeneity in different populations, and more precise mapping of the gene.
Human papillomavirus type 16 DNA in ocular and cervical swabs of women with genital tract condylomata.
Anterior uveitis and hypopyon.
Diagnostic accuracy of thallium-201 myocardial perfusion imaging.
Fc receptor function and circulating immune complexes in gluten sensitive enteropathy--possible significance of serum IgA.
Malignancy and chronic wounds: Marjolin's ulcer.
Regional fasciocutaneous flaps for the burned axilla.
Pressure therapy for the control of hypertrophic scar formation after burn injury. A history and review.
A technique for control of hypertrophic scarring in the central region of the face.
Localization of endogenous beta-galactoside-binding lectin as a means to distinguish malignant from benign skin tissue.
Clear cell squamous cell carcinoma. A histologic, immunohistologic, and ultrastructural study.
Clinical comparison of polyglactic acid (Vicryl) and polytrimethylene carbonate (Maxon) suture material.
Adjuncts to scalp reduction surgery. Intraoperative tissue expanders and hyaluronidase.
Diagnostic and therapeutic nail surgery.
The ethics of pressure sore prevention and treatment in the elderly: a practical approach.
Immunogenetic prediction of pulmonary fibrosis in systemic sclerosis.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the choroid plexus in Sjogren's disease.
Induction of inflammatory arthropathy resembling rheumatoid arthritis in mice transgenic for HTLV-I.
Orbital lesions with granulomatous inflammation.
Incontinentia pigmenti (Bloch-Sulzberger syndrome): a case report and review of the ocular pathological features.
Use of the Souter-Strathclyde total elbow prosthesis in patients who have rheumatoid arthritis.
Detection, cellular localization, and modulation of heat shock proteins in cultured fibroblasts from patients with extrathyroidal manifestations of Graves' disease.
Thyroperoxidase, but not the thyrotropin receptor, contains sequential epitopes recognized by autoantibodies in recombinant peptides expressed in the pUEX vector.
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia of the hand. A case report.
Psychiatric illness in patients with chronic fatigue and those with rheumatoid arthritis
Facial erysipelas: report of a case and review of the literature.
Significance of CSF immunoglobulins in monitoring neurologic disease activity in Behcet's disease.
Frequency of adverse systemic reactions after fluorescein angiography. Results of a prospective study.
Clinical features of Behcet's disease. Report of four cases.
Reactive arthritis due to hidradenitis suppurativa mimicking osteomyelitis.
Diagnosis of osteomyelitis in the presence of soft-tissue infection and radiologic evidence of osseous abnormalities: value of leukocyte scintigraphy.
Abnormalities of the foot in patients with diabetes mellitus: findings on MR imaging.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug-associated gastropathy: incidence and risk factor models
The low risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patients dispensed corticosteroids.
Syndrome of severe skin disease, eosinophilia, and dermatopathic lymphadenopathy in patients with HTLV-II complicating human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Structural features of interstitial lung disease in systemic sclerosis.
Acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis. Analysis of 63 cases.
Generalized pustular psoriasis. A review of 63 cases.
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus, morphea, and coexistence of both diseases. Histological studies using lectins.
Generalized pustulation as a manifestation of the anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome.
Linear focal elastosis. An ultrastructural study.
Transient intraepidermal bullous reaction after skin graft for toxic epidermal necrolysis. Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical features similar to those of inherited epidermolysis bullosa simplex.
The invisible dermatoses.
Cutaneous manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection. Part I.
Adverse reactions to the preschool (fifth) dose of adsorbed diphtheria-pertussis-tetanus vaccine in Canadian children.
Vaginal adenosis and clear cell carcinoma after 5-fluorouracil treatment for condylomas.
Contact sensitization to 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one and 2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one (MCI/MI). A European multicentre study.
Pre-employment screening for contact dermatitis among the pupils of a metal industry school.
Contact sensitivity to captafol in BALB/c mice.
Malignant schwannoma associated with xeroderma pigmentosum in a patient belonging to complementation group D.
Porokeratosis arising in a burn scar.
Imipramine hyperpigmentation: a slate-gray discoloration caused by long-term imipramine administration.
Acanthosis nigricans and a rectal carcinoid.
Allergy to coined money: nickel contact dermatitis in cashiers.
Periorbital necrobiotic xanthogranuloma and stage I multiple myeloma. Ultrastructure and response to pulsed dexamethasone documented by magnetic resonance imaging.
Erythema multiforme after contact dermatitis in response to an epoxy sealant.
Focal facial dermal dysplasia: two familial cases.
Annular atrophic lichen planus.
Spirochetes in atrophic skin lesions accompanied by minimal host response in a child with Lyme disease.
Hydroa vacciniforme with unusually severe scar formation: diagnosis by repetitive UVA phototesting.
PUVA-induced lymphomatoid papulosis in a patient with mycosis fungoides.
Nodular vasculitis (erythema induratum): treatment with auranofin.
Unilateral erythromelanosis follicularis faciei et colli in a young girl.
Xanthoma disseminatum: a case with extensive mucous membrane involvement.
Anetodermic prurigo nodularis (with Pautrier's neuroma) responsive to arotinoid acid.
Omenn's syndrome and related combined immunodeficiency syndromes: diagnostic considerations in infants with persistent erythroderma and failure to thrive.
Non-invasive evaluation of long-term cardiac effects of captopril in systemic sclerosis.
Rheumatoid arthritis in Israeli Jews: shared sequences in the third hypervariable region of DRB1 alleles are associated with susceptibility.
Predictors of fractures in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Occurrence of neoplasia in patients with rheumatoid arthritis enrolled in a DMARD Registry. Rheumatoid Arthritis Azathioprine Registry Steering Committee.
Comparison of cyclosporine and D-penicillamine for rheumatoid arthritis: a randomized, double blind, multicenter study.
Response to glucocorticoid treatment in rheumatoid arthritis: in vitro cell mediated immune assay predicts in vivo responses.
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in serum and its relationship to T cell abnormality and clinical manifestations of the disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Antiinflammatory and antiarthritic properties of a substituted quinoline carboxylic acid: CL 306,293.
Juvenile progressive systemic sclerosis: report of five cases.
Naproxen induced pseudoporphyria in juvenile chronic arthritis.
Air esophagogram and intestinal pseudoocclusion in a patient with scleroderma.
Fulminant thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in a patient with the limited form of scleroderma: successful outcome using plasma exchange.
The incidence of Peyronie's disease in Rochester, Minnesota, 1950 through 1984.
Lymphotoxin in human middle ear cholesteatoma.
Two integrin-binding peptides abrogate T cell-mediated immune responses in vivo.
Bilateral gluteal thigh flaps for closure of large defects in the lumbosacral region and perineal region.
Human type VII collagen: genetic linkage of the gene (COL7A1) on chromosome 3 to dominant dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa.
Relationships of total IgE level, skin prick test response, and smoking habits.
How to build a computer-assisted, diagnosis-finding system. An example in dermatopathology.
Intralesional interferon gamma treatment for keloids and hypertrophic scars.
White piedra: evidence for a synergistic infection.
The complete nucleotide sequences of the heavy chain variable regions of six monospecific rheumatoid factors derived from Epstein-Barr virus-transformed B cells isolated from the synovial tissue of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Further evidence that some autoantibodies are unmutated copies of germ line genes.
Human immunodeficiency virus exanthem.
Termination of slow acting antirheumatic therapy in rheumatoid arthritis: a 14-year prospective evaluation of 1017 consecutive starts.
Carbon dioxide laser energy disperses human papillomavirus deoxyribonucleic acid onto treatment fields.
Evaluation of combined systemic aspirin and cromolyn sodium in intractable vernal catarrh.
A controlled trial of intralesional recombinant interferon-gamma in the treatment of keloidal scarring. Clinical and histologic findings.
Carpal tunnel syndrome in the mucopolysaccharidoses and related disorders.
Estimation of serum V kappa IIIb light chains in rheumatoid arthritis and correlation with CD5-positive B-cells.
The mast cell in health and disease.
Multiple keratoacanthomas after megavoltage radiation therapy.
Xanthoma disseminatum and Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
A double-blind, single-dose, crossover comparison of cetirizine, terfenadine, loratadine, astemizole, and chlorpheniramine versus placebo: suppressive effects on histamine-induced wheals and flares during 24 hours in normal subjects.
Effects of H1-antihistamine drug regimen on histamine release by nonlesional skin mast cells of patients with chronic urticaria.
Tissue plasminogen activator in psoriasis.
mRNA for tissue-type plasminogen activator is present in lesional epidermis from patients with psoriasis, pemphigus, or bullous pemphigoid, but is not detected in normal epidermis.
Human nidogen gene: identification of multiple RFLP and exclusion as candidate gene in a family with epidermolysis bullosa (EBS2) with evidence for linkage to chromosome 1.
Fc epsilon receptor II/CD23 positive lymphocytes in atopic dermatitis: II. Infiltration of Fc epsilon R II(+) T cells in the skin lesion.
Possible deletion of a developmentally regulated heavy-chain variable region gene in autoimmune diseases.
Structural requirements for recognition of the HLA-Dw14 class II epitope: a key HLA determinant associated with rheumatoid arthritis.
Hunter syndrome: isolation of an iduronate-2-sulfatase cDNA clone and analysis of patient DNA.
Antibodies to the mycobacterial 65-kd heat-shock protein are reactive with synovial tissue of adjuvant arthritic rats and patients with rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
Detection of the interferon-gamma-induced protein 10 in psoriasiform dermatitis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Polymorphism and expression of the galactosyltransferase-associated protein kinase gene in normal individuals and galactosylation-defective rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Comparison of cetirizine with astemizole in the treatment of perennial allergic rhinitis and study of the concomitant effect on histamine and allergen-induced wheal responses.
Solitary orbital involvement with juvenile xanthogranuloma.
Long-term enteral feeding of aged demented nursing home patients
High antigen reactivity in mononuclear cells from sites of chronic inflammation.
Third place--Resident Basic Science Award 1990. Interleukin 1 causing bone destruction in middle ear cholesteatoma.
Severe rheumatoid arthritis: current options in drug therapy.
Cytokines in chronic inflammatory arthritis. V. Mutual antagonism between interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha on HLA-DR expression, proliferation, collagenase production, and granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor production by rheumatoid arthritis synoviocytes.
Immunohistochemical and ultrastructural study of histiocytosis X and non-X histiocytoses.
Carbon dioxide laser vaporization of recalcitrant symptomatic plaques of Hailey-Hailey disease and Darier's disease.
Optic nerve head swelling and optic atrophy in the systemic mucopolysaccharidoses.
The effect of carbon dioxide laser surgery on the recurrence of keloids.
Rheumatoid arthritis of the knee: value of gadopentetate dimeglumine-enhanced MR imaging.
Recombinant interferon-gamma (rIFN-gamma) in dermatology.
Interferon alpha-2b injections used as an adjuvant therapy to carbon dioxide laser vaporization of recalcitrant ano-genital condylomata acuminata.
Role of cytokines in inflammatory synovitis. The coordinate regulation of intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and HLA class I and class II antigens in rheumatoid synovial fibroblasts.
Androgen replacement therapy in male patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
The effects of antihistamines beyond H1 antagonism in allergic inflammation.
Recent advances in H1-receptor antagonist treatment.
Mucopolysaccharidosis type VII: characterization of mutations and molecular heterogeneity.
Expression of extracellular matrix in hair follicle mesenchyme in alopecia areata.
Exacerbation of psoriasis after megavoltage irradiation. The Koebner phenomenon.
Testis cancer. Ichthyosis constitutes a significant risk factor.
Melanosis and associated tumors in transgenic mice.
Abnormalities of the breast caused by biopsy: spectrum of mammographic findings.
Impetigo herpetiformis associated with hypocalcemia of congenital rickets.
Molecular analysis of IgM rheumatoid factor binding to chimeric IgG.
Prednisone inhibits the appearance of inflammatory mediators and the influx of eosinophils and basophils associated with the cutaneous late-phase response to allergen.
Modulation of monocyte chemotactic function in inflammatory lesions. Role of inflammatory mediators.
T-gamma-lymphoproliferative disorder arising in a background of autoimmune disease and terminating in plasma cell dyscrasia with primary amyloidosis.
N-(fluorenyl-9-methoxycarbonyl) amino acids, a class of antiinflammatory agents with a different mechanism of action [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Mar 15;88(6):2612]
Vaginal and vulvar adenosis. An unsuspected side effect of CO2 laser vaporization.
Homozygous tyrosinase gene mutation in an American black with tyrosinase-negative (type IA) oculocutaneous albinism.
Somatosensory and magnetic evoked potentials in a postoperative paraparetic patient: case report.
No effect of misoprostol on renal function of rheumatoid patients treated with diclofenac.
Do non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs increase colonic permeability?
High testosterone levels of ovarian origin affect adrenal steroidogenesis?
Enhanced production of neutrophil-activating peptide-1/interleukin-8 in rheumatoid arthritis.
Extracellular binding sites of IgA anti-jejunal antibodies on normal small bowel detected by indirect immunoelectronmicroscopy.
Gold-associated lymphadenopathy in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis. Histologic and scanning electron microscopic features.
Skin acceptance of transcutaneous nitroglycerin patches: a prospective study of 33 patients.
Inhibition of 5-lipoxygenase product formation and polymorphonuclear cell degranulation by tenidap sodium in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction in systemic sclerosis and primary pulmonary hypertension.
Temperature-sensitive tyrosinase associated with peripheral pigmentation in oculocutaneous albinism.
A tyrosinase gene missense mutation in temperature-sensitive type I oculocutaneous albinism. A human homologue to the Siamese cat and the Himalayan mouse.
Treatment of male genital condylomatous lesions by carbon dioxide laser after failure of previous nonlaser methods.
Sequential immunopathologic study of oral lichen planus treated with tretinoin and etretinate.
Management of labyrinthine fistulas caused by cholesteatoma.
Dopa reaction test in hair bulbs of fetuses and its application to the prenatal diagnosis of albinism.
Xanthoma in Meckel's cave. A case report.
Rheumatoid factors and complex formation. The role of light-chain framework sequences and glycosylation.
Predictors of survival in systemic sclerosis (scleroderma).
Activation of CD16+ effector cells by rheumatoid factor complex. Role of natural killer cells in rheumatoid arthritis.
Expression of the interleukin 6 gene in rheumatoid synovial fibroblasts.
Analysis of N-acetylgalactosamine-4-sulfatase protein and kinetics in mucopolysaccharidosis type VI patients.
t-PA, PAI, and protein C before and after vascular occlusion of the upper limb in patients with Raynaud's phenomenon.
Oestrogen and androgen states in oligo-amenorrhoeic women with polycystic ovaries.
Juvenile xanthogranuloma of the corneoscleral limbus.
Long-term treatment of hirsutism: desogestrel compared with cyproterone acetate in oral contraceptives.
Analysis of beta, gamma, and delta T-cell receptor genes in lymphomatoid papulosis: cellular basis of two distinct histologic subsets.
Astemizole, an H1 antagonist, has no additional therapeutic effect in rheumatoid arthritis.
The effect of topical nitroglycerin on transcutaneous oxygen.
Tyrosinase gene mutations associated with type IB ("yellow") oculocutaneous albinism [ublished erratum appears in Am J Hum Genet 1991 Sep;49(3):696]
Interleukin 1 alpha, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and interferon gamma in psoriasis
Autoantibodies to nucleolar antigens in systemic scleroderma: clinical correlations.
Lymphomatoid papulosis followed by large-cell lymphoma: immunophenotypical and genotypical analysis.
Evidence suggesting involvement of interleukin-4 (IL-4) production in spontaneous in vitro IgE synthesis in patients with atopic dermatitis.
Cyclosporine A metabolism by cytochrome P-450III occurs in microsomes from rat liver but not from normal epidermis or psoriatic lesions.
Ig CH and D14S1 variants in rheumatoid arthritis--linkage and association studies.
Successful treatment of primary progressive follicular mucinosis with interferons.
Complement consumption in a patient with necrobiotic xanthogranuloma and paraproteinemia.
Major histocompatibility complex haplotypes and class II genes in non-Jewish patients with pemphigus vulgaris.
A single base insertion in the putative transmembrane domain of the tyrosinase gene as a cause for tyrosinase-negative oculocutaneous albinism.
T lymphocyte-synovial fibroblast interactions induced by mycobacterial proteins in rheumatoid arthritis.
Molecular analysis of an extended family with type IA (tyrosinase-negative) oculocutaneous albinism.
A phase I/II trial of zidovudine, interferon-alpha, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection.
Selective expansion of T cells bearing the gamma/delta receptor and expressing an unusual repertoire in the synovial membrane of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Three different frameshift mutations of the tyrosinase gene in type IA oculocutaneous albinism.
Determination of released CD4 and CD8 antigens in the suction-blister fluid and horny-tissue extract in patients with psoriasis.
Treatment of urticaria and angioedema: low-sedating H1-type antihistamines.
Southern analysis of the 230-kD bullous pemphigoid antigen gene in normal humans, animals, and patients with junctional epidermolysis bullosa.
Therapeutic use of monoclonal anti-CD4 antibody in rheumatoid arthritis.
A double blind randomized parallel trial of intramuscular methotrexate and gold sodium thiomalate in early erosive rheumatoid arthritis.
A novel autoantibody reactive with a 48 kDa tRNA associated protein in patients with scleroderma.
Intestinal mucosal permeability in inflammatory rheumatic diseases. I. Role of antiinflammatory drugs.
Intestinal mucosal permeability in inflammatory rheumatic diseases. II. Role of disease.
Antigenicity and accessory cell function of human articular chondrocytes.
Extravascular fibrin formation and dissolution in synovial tissue of patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Hunter disease (mucopolysaccharidosis type II) associated with unbalanced inactivation of the X chromosomes in a karyotypically normal girl.
Unsuspected osteomyelitis in diabetic foot ulcers. Diagnosis and monitoring by leukocyte scanning with indium in 111 oxyquinoline.
Light- and electron-microscopical study of a case of gold salt-induced hepatotoxicity.
High frequency of IL-4-producing CD4+ allergen-specific T lymphocytes in atopic dermatitis lesional skin.
Role of hair follicles in the repigmentation of vitiligo.
Inhibition of Langerhans cell ATPase and contact sensitization by lanthanides--role of T-suppressor cells.
Thy-1 and T-cell receptor antigen expression in mycosis fungoides and benign inflammatory dermatoses.
Anti-interleukin-1 alpha autoantibodies in humans: characterization, isotype distribution, and receptor-binding inhibition--higher frequency in Schnitzler's syndrome (urticaria and macroglobulinemia).
Angle-tipped Baron suction tubes.
Comparison of assay systems for detecting antibodies to nuclear ribonucleoproteins.
Occupational allergic contact dermatitis caused by nitroglycerin.
Primary anetoderma associated with a wide spectrum of autoimmune abnormalities.
Early detection of skin and muscular involvement in Lafora disease.
Spontaneous and clastogen induced chromosomal breakage in scleroderma.
