The role of bacterial adherence in otitis media with effusion.
Abnormal differentiation of human papillomavirus-induced laryngeal papillomas.
Transtympanic endoscopic findings in patients with otitis media with effusion.
Pseudocyst of the auricle. Case report and world literature review
Multiple intracranial mucoceles associated with phaeohyphomycosis of the paranasal sinuses.
Osteoma of the middle ear. Report of a case.
Induction chemotherapy with a new regimen alternating cisplatin, fluorouracil with mitomycin, hydroxyurea and bleomycin in carcinomas of nasopharynx or other sites of the head and neck region.
Relationship of 4F2 antigen with local growth and metastatic potential of squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx.
Topographic classification, clinical characteristics, and diagnostic delay of cancer of the larynx/hypopharynx in Torino, Italy.
Human papillomavirus type 16 associated with oral squamous carcinoma in a cardiac transplant recipient.
A clinical and flow cytometric analysis of patients with nasopharyngeal cancer.
Aqueous beclomethasone diproprionate nasal spray: regular versus "as required" use in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome.
Conservation surgery for glomus jugulare tumors: the value of early diagnosis.
Surgery for sinusitis and aspirin triad.
Lidocaine in the middle ear.
Imaging of pharyngeal and laryngeal carcinomas with indium-111-labeled monoclonal anti-CEA antibodies.
Stapedotomy technique and results: ten years' experience and comparative study with stapedectomy.
Endoscopic laser surgery for early glottic carcinoma: a clinical and experimental study.
Gentamicin iontophoresis in the treatment of bacterial otitis externa in the guinea pig model.
An improved stent method for choanal atresia repair.
Understanding dizziness. How to decipher this nonspecific symptom.
Cervical lymph node metastasis: assessment of radiologic criteria.
Comparison of cefuroxime axetil, cefaclor, and amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium suspensions in acute otitis media in infants and children.
Nonendoscopic percutaneous gastrostomy.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Complications of the pectoralis major myocutaneous flap in head and neck reconstruction.
Patterns of cervical lymph node metastasis from squamous carcinomas of the upper aerodigestive tract.
Efficacy of radical neck dissection for the control of cervical metastasis after radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Comparison of propofol and thiopental/halothane for short-duration ENT surgical procedures in children.
A controlled, double-blind study of the effect of quazolast on nasal challenge with ragweed antigen.
Effect of vitamin C on histamine bronchial responsiveness of patients with allergic rhinitis.
Teflon versus thyroplasty versus nerve transfer: a comparison.
Endoscopic laser arytenoidectomy revisited.
Combined laryngeal framework medialization and reinnervation for unilateral vocal fold paralysis.
Immunohistochemical interpretation of early epithelial disorders of pyriform sinus.
Vestibular recruitment in Meniere's disease.
Identification and characterization of middle ear vascular leakage sites in experimental otitis media.
Histopathologic study of otitis media in individuals with head and neck tumors.
Nasal lymphoma. A retrospective analysis of 60 cases.
Osteosarcoma of the maxilla in Hong Kong Chinese postirradiation for nasopharyngeal carcinoma. A report of four cases.
Possible involvement of the retinoblastoma gene in undifferentiated sinonasal carcinoma.
Informed consent in head and neck surgery.
Hearing aids for high-frequency hearing loss.
Analgesia and removal of nasal packing.
Sensorineural hearing loss in bullous myringitis. A prospective study of eighteen patients.
Chest infection following head and neck surgery: a pilot study.
The presence of human papillomavirus (HPV) in solitary adult laryngeal papillomas demonstrated by in-situ DNA hybridization with sulphonated probes.
Urinary N tau-methylimidazole acetic acid excretion in respiratory disease.
Vasopressin and oxytocin responses to illusory self-motion and nausea in man.
Sensitivity of digoxigenin and biotin labelled probes for detection of human papillomavirus by in situ hybridisation.
Different prevalence and degree of nonspecific bronchial hyperreactivity between seasonal and perennial rhinitis.
The role of histamine in allergic diseases.
The role of histamine in allergic rhinitis.
The role of antihistamines in otitis.
Immunotherapy abrogates the generation of eosinophil and neutrophil chemotactic activity during pollen season.
Unterberger stepping test: a useful indicator of peripheral vestibular dysfunction?
Ligmaject system for local anaesthesia in otology.
Comparison of the Goode T-tube with the Armstrong tube in children with chronic otitis media with effusion.
Long-term results of revision endolymphatic sac surgery.
Comparison of electro and chemical cautery in the treatment of anterior epistaxis.
Role of endoscopy in diagnosing scleroma in its uncommon sites.
Smoking cessation in chronic Reinke's oedema.
Second primary tumours of the larynx following bronchial carcinoma.
Endolymphatic hydrops precipitated by haemodialysis.
Epistaxis as an unusual presentation of an antrochoanal polyp.
Infectious mononucleosis complicated by lingual tonsillitis.
Acute upper airway obstruction following Teflon injection of a vocal cord; the value of nebulized adrenaline and a helium/oxygen mixture in its management
Adenoid cystic carcinoma: a comparison between CT, MR and Gd MR imaging techniques.
Dysequilibrium and otitis media with effusion: what is the association?
Mucosal thickening on sinus X-rays and its significance.
Multiple primary malignancies in patients with malignant tumours of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Radiation therapy of laryngeal cancer: a twenty year experience.
Effect of microwave and ionizing radiation in patients with recurrent laryngeal carcinoma.
Another hazard of ear syringing: malignant external otitis.
Laryngeal metastasis from colonic adenocarcinoma.
Intralaryngotracheal thyroid.
Efficacy and morbidity of partial laryngectomy and postoperative radiation therapy.
Computed tomography staging of the paranasal sinuses in chronic hyperplastic rhinosinusitis.
Intraoral-extramaxillary sinus approach for ligation of the maxillary artery: an anatomic study with clinical correlates.
Vocal cord paralysis in children.
Myogenic influences on the electrical auditory brainstem response (EABR) in humans.
Evaluation of neonatal subglottic stenosis: a 3-year prospective study.
The efficacy of comprehensive neck dissection with or without postoperative radiotherapy in nodal metastases of squamous cell carcinoma of the upper respiratory and digestive tracts.
Esthesioneuroblastoma: surgical treatment without radiation.
Artificial restoration of voice. I: Experiments in phonatory control of the reinnervated canine larynx.
An in vivo canine model for testing treatment effects in laryngeal hyperadduction disorders.
Lasers for otosclerosis--which one if any and why.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: clinical features in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Chronic Lyme disease with an expansive granulomatous lesion in the cerebellopontine angle.
Management of chronic middle ear effusion with prednisone combined with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
Improved technique for a one-stage repair of significant defects of the ear.
Nasolaryngoscopy for family physicians.
Laryngeal oedema from a neck haematoma. A complication of internal jugular vein cannulation.
Toxic streptococcal syndrome.
Human basophil releasability. VI. Changes in basophil releasability in patients with allergic rhinitis or bronchial asthma.
Delayed endolymphatic hydrops and its relationship to Meniere's disease.
Head stability and gaze during vertical whole-body oscillations.
Facial nerve monitoring in otologic surgery: clinical indications and intraoperative technique.
Titration streptomycin therapy for bilateral Meniere's disease. Follow-up report.
Drop attacks with Meniere's syndrome.
The nasolabial flap as a single-stage procedure.
Left recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis: an unusual presentation of histoplasmosis.
Lovastatin. Warfarin interaction.
Leiomyosarcoma of the sinonasal tract. A clinicopathologic study of nine cases.
Epstein-Barr virus-related antibody. Changes in titers after therapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Distortion product otoacoustic emissions in normal and impaired adult ears.
A patient-oriented approach to perilymph fistula.
Chondrosarcoma of the larynx. Diagnosis with magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography.
Small fenestra stapedotomy using a fiberoptic hand-held argon laser in obliterative otosclerosis.
Chondrogenic potential of tragal perichondrium: a cause of hearing loss following stapedectomy.
Selective management of early glottic cancer.
Allograft tympanoplasty: predictive value of preoperative status.
Otologic disease in AIDS patients: CT correlation.
The inferiorly based superior tympanomeatal flap for removal of congenital cholesteatoma.
Children with special needs in England and Wales: the care of hearing impairment, myelomeningocele, and adolescent pregnancy.
Children with special needs in The Netherlands: impaired hearing, adolescent pregnancy, and myelomeningocele.
Aminoglycosides: assessing the potential for nephrotoxicity.
Asymptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus infection. Audiologic, neuroradiologic, and neurodevelopmental abnormalities during the first year.
Endoscopic management of early supraglottic cancer.
Bilateral semicircular canal aplasia with near-normal cochlear development. Two case reports.
Effects of cyclophosphamide on the pathogenesis of cytomegalovirus-induced labyrinthitis.
Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss and postnatal viral labyrinthitis: a statistical comparison of temporal bone findings.
Immunohistochemical study of cytokeratin expression in normal and pathologic middle ear mucosa of the rat.
The association of selected cancers with service in the US military in Vietnam. III. Hodgkin's disease, nasal cancer, nasopharyngeal cancer, and primary liver cancer. The Selected Cancers Cooperative Study Group
Angiocentric immunoproliferative lesion/T-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and the acquired immune deficiency syndrome: a case report and review of the literature.
Ear involvement in the yellow nail syndrome.
Osteoma of the middle ear.
Hearing loss due to cranio-metaphysial dysplasia.
Auro-nasopharyngeal polyp and cholesteatoma.
Chronic sinusitis and the yellow nail syndrome.
Direct extension of laryngeal carcinoma to the skin of the neck.
Reduced allergen-induced nasal congestion and leukotriene synthesis with an orally active 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
Sensorineural hearing loss: a reversible effect of valproic acid.
The efficacy of oral steroids in the treatment of persistent otitis media with effusion.
Localized antigen challenge of the nasal mucosa.
Genetics of asthma and hay fever in Australian twins.
Excitation thresholds for nerves reinnervating the paralyzed canine larynx.
Sphenoid sinusitis, a cause of debilitating headache.
Three-dimensional reconstructed MR imaging of the inner ear.
Sphenochoanal polyps: evaluation with CT and MR imaging.
Relationship between asthma and seasonal allergic rhinitis in schoolchildren.
Fat myringoplasty in the guinea pig.
Otolaryngologic management of patients with subdural empyema.
Rapid sequence treatment of advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the upper aerodigestive tract: a pilot study.
Monothermal differential caloric testing in patients with Meniere's disease.
Paranasal sinus bony anatomic variations and mucosal abnormalities: CT analysis for endoscopic sinus surgery.
Whole-blood filterability in sudden deafness.
Molecular pathologic study of human papillomavirus infection in inverted papilloma and squamous cell carcinoma of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Neurotologic findings in basilar migraine.
Stridor: intracranial pathology causing postextubation vocal cord paralysis.
Bacteremia with otitis media.
Delayed detection of congenital hearing loss in high risk infants
Human papillomavirus in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Detection of human papillomavirus type 16 DNA in carcinomas of the palatine tonsil.
Human papillomaviruses: pediatric perspectives on a family of multifaceted tumorigenic pathogens
Influence of otitis media on the correlation between rectal and auditory canal temperatures.
Arytenoid subluxation: diagnosis and treatment.
Electrical pacing for dynamic treatment of unilateral vocal cord paralysis. Experiment in long-denervated muscle.
Vertical partial laryngectomy: a critical analysis of local recurrence.
Relationship between histologic features, DNA flow cytometry, and clinical behavior of squamous cell carcinomas of the larynx.
Elective radical neck dissection in epidermoid cancer of the head and neck. A retrospective analysis of 853 cases of mouth, pharynx, and larynx cancer.
A comparison of Ho's, International Union Against Cancer, and American Joint Committee stage classifications for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Comparative epidemiology of cancer between the United States and Japan. A second look.
Comparative in situ hybridisation study of juvenile laryngeal papillomatosis in Papua New Guinea and Australia.
Conservative management of epistaxis.
Vertical partial laryngectomy on demand.
Use of EMLA cream as an analgesic in the management of painful otitis externa.
Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis due to Leishmania (Leishmania) infantum: biochemical characterization.
Acquired von Willebrand's syndrome. Therapeutic and diagnostic implications.
Assessment of middle-ear status during experimental otitis media using magnetic resonance imaging.
Upper respiratory tract infections in young children: duration of and frequency of complications.
Use of gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging for differentiating mucoceles from neoplasms in the paranasal sinuses.
Assessment of nasal patency by rhinoscopic measurement of cross sectional nasal airway area: correlation with subjective nasal symptoms.
Systemic sulfonamides as a cause of bilateral, anterior uveitis.
Delayed hearing loss after neurovascular decompression.
Improved technique for inserting a T tube in patients with subglottic stenosis.
Acoustic reflectometry for assessment of hearing loss in children with middle ear effusion.
Adenotonsillectomy in children with sickle cell disease.
Glossopharyngeal schwannoma: review of five cases and the literature.
External fixation using microplates after laryngotracheal expansion surgery. An animal study.
Single-stage laryngotracheal reconstruction.
Culture-positive allergic fungal sinusitis.
Bacteriology of the ethmoid bullae in children with chronic sinusitis.
Quantitation of DNA ploidy in squamous intraepithelial neoplasia of the laryngeal glottis.
Plasma cell granuloma of the nasal cavity treated by radiation therapy.
Receptors for epidermal growth factor and steroid hormones in primary laryngeal tumors.
Noise-induced hearing loss in orthopaedic staff.
Modification of the fluorescent allergosorbent test as an inhibition assay for determination of cross-reactivity among aeroallergens.
Audiological findings following head trauma.
Point and period prevalence of otitis media with effusion evaluated by daily tympanometry.
Tympano-cartilago-stapediopexy: a method to improve hearing in open technique tympanoplasty.
Inner ear cholesteatoma and the preservation of cochlear function.
Lateral sinus thrombosis: a problem still with us
Cochlear otosclerosis: statistical analysis of relationship of spiral ligament hyalinization to hearing loss.
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
Non-Hodgkins lymphoma of the head and neck: experience in the Grampian area.
Isolated congenital round window absence.
Postauricular cerebellar encephalocoele secondary to chronic suppurative otitis media and mastoid surgery.
Burkitt's lymphoma of the tonsil.
Correlation between antibodies to type II collagen and treatment outcome in bilateral progressive sensorineural hearing loss.
Management decisions in laryngeal carcinoma in situ.
The hypotympanum and infralabyrinthine cells in chronic otitis media.
Characterization of cytokines present in middle ear effusions.
The Glasgow Benefit Plot: a new method for reporting benefits from middle ear surgery.
The changing direction of nystagmus in acute Meniere's disease: pathophysiological implications.
Ultrastructure of respiratory cilia of WIC-Hyd male rats. An animal model for human immotile cilia syndrome.
Stapes surgery in osteogenesis imperfecta: analysis of postoperative hearing loss.
Ultrastructural evidence of a merocrine secretion in the human endolymphatic sac.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha in middle ear cholesteatoma and its effect on keratinocytes in vitro.
Management of subglottic stenosis in the adult.
Surgical treatment of laryngeal web with mucosa graft.
Ototoxic reaction to erythromycin.
Indications for the surgical treatment of osteomas of the frontal and ethmoid sinuses.
Microdrill versus perforator for stapedotomy.
External ear resonance in children with otitis media with effusion.
Chronic otitis media: the significance of nasal obstruction.
Occupational exposure and head and neck carcinoma.
Nuclear medicine in otolaryngology.
Predictive factors for hand eczema.
Alterations of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the nasal mucosa of allergic patients in comparison with nonallergic individuals.
Alterations of adrenoceptors in the nasal mucosa of allergic patients in comparison with nonallergic individuals.
Dexamethasone in the prevention of postextubation stridor in children.
Emerging techniques in the diagnosis of sinusitis.
A pilot study of pemirolast in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Central neurogenic hyperventilation in invasive laryngeal carcinoma.
Nasopalatine duct cyst: an analysis of 334 cases.
Reversible hearing loss from cerebellopontine angle tumors.
Adult peripheral neuroepithelioma in Meckel's cave.
Loracarbef concentrations in middle ear fluid.
Nasal midline masses in infants and children. Dermoids, encephaloceles, and gliomas.
Endoscopic and computed tomographic findings in ostiomeatal sinus disease.
Circulating C1q-binding macromolecules and their relationship to radiographic characteristics of laryngeal cancer.
Radiotherapy. The mainstay in the treatment of early glottic carcinoma.
Reconstruction of pediatric larynx and upper trachea with the sternohyoid rotary door flap.
Noncongenital hereditary hearing loss in children. Prospective documentation.
Usefulness of immunotherapy in patients with severe summer hay fever uncontrolled by antiallergic drugs
The neck-eye reflex in patients with reduced vestibular and optokinetic function.
Patrick Watson-Williams and the concept of focal sepsis in the sinuses: an historical caveat for functional endoscopic sinus surgery.
Management of posterior epistaxis with the use of the fibreoptic nasolaryngoscope.
Attachment of bacteria to tonsillar epithelium during acute tonsillitis.
Radiation-induced cranial nerve palsy: hypoglossal nerve and vocal cord palsies.
Massive metastasis from squamous carcinoma of the tonsil.
Ototoxicity of cis-platinum and its relationship to eye colour.
Muscle fibre type and habitual snoring.
Meniere's disease: an immune complex-mediated illness?
Argon laser stapedotomy.
Intracranial complications of paranasal sinusitis: a combined institutional review.
Prognostic factors in craniofacial surgery.
The response to human rIL-1, rIL-2, and rTNF in the middle ear of guinea pigs.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus DNA in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue of nasopharyngeal carcinoma using polymerase chain reaction and in situ hybridization.
The effect of indoor air pollutants on otitis media and asthma in children.
Immunologic defects in patients with refractory sinusitis.
Age-related balance changes in hearing-impaired children.
The use of probenecid as a chemoprotector against cisplatin nephrotoxicity.
The relationship of nasopharyngeal carcinomas and second independent malignancies based on the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group experience.
Oral contraceptive therapy and the surgical management of ENT patients: a review of current clinical practice.
Anaplastic carcinoma presenting with cervical lymphadenopathy.
Intratympanic gentamycin in severe Meniere's disease.
Otitis media in day-care children. A report from the International Primary Care Network.
Diagnosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma by means of recombinant Epstein-Barr virus proteins.
Large asymptomatic antrolith of the maxillary sinus. Report of a case.
Malignant cyst of the lateral aspect of the neck: branchial cleft carcinoma or metastasis?
Problems associated with prolonged intubation in the geriatric patient.
The geriatric auditory and vestibular systems.
Paranasal sinusitis. Geriatric considerations.
Evaluation of ventilating tubes and myringotomy in the treatment of recurrent or persistent otitis media
Soluble interleukin-2 receptors in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Pseudocyst of the auricle: successful treatment with intracartilaginous trichloroacetic acid and button bolsters.
Acetazolamide-responsive vestibulocerebellar syndrome: clinical and oculographic features.
Pollen allergy to mimosa (Acacia floribunda) in a Mediterranean area: an occupational disease.
Double-blind comparison of cetirizine and placebo in the treatment of seasonal rhinitis.
Partial laryngectomy after irradiation failure.
Three-dimensional analysis of 61 human endolymphatic ducts and sacs in ears with and without Meniere's disease.
Adenoidectomy in otitis media. A review.
Radiographically confirmed cochlear otospongiosis among the Chinese.
Pathophysiology of Streptococcus pneumoniae otitis media: kinetics of the middle ear biochemical and cytologic host responses.
The treatment of chondrodermatitis nodularis with cartilage removal alone.
Radionuclide imaging in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
One-stage laryngotracheoplasty.
Pediatric sinusitis. The role of endoscopic sinus surgery in cystic fibrosis and other forms of sinonasal disease.
Laryngeal myxoma.
Jets over Labrador and Quebec: noise effects on human health.
Underdiagnosis and undertreatment of chronic sinusitis in children.
Needle aspiration and pressure sutures for auricular pseudocyst.
Changes in Schultz-Dale reaction in sensitized canine tracheal smooth muscle.
Benign thyroid hyperplasia presenting as bilateral vocal cord paralysis. Complete remission following surgery.
Amoxicillin or myringotomy or both for acute otitis media: results of a randomized clinical trial.
Impedance tympanometry and acoustic reflectometry at myringotomy [published erratum appears in Pediatrics 1991 Jun;87(6):945]
Influenza vaccination in the prevention of acute otitis media in children.
Caffeine as an analgesic adjuvant. A double-blind study comparing aspirin with caffeine to aspirin and placebo in patients with sore throat.
Differences in mediator release between allergic rhinitis and asthma.
Bilateral sudden deafness and acute acquired toxoplasmosis.
Otogenic Fusobacterium necrophorum meningitis.
Frontal sinus carcinoma presenting as acute sinusitis.
Intracordal Teflon injection: a question of timing.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma of the larynx.
Leiomyosarcoma of the larynx: emergency laryngectomy.
Benign thyroid adenoma causing recurrent laryngeal nerve palsy in a child.
Lateral cephalometric analysis of children with otitis media with effusion: a comparison with age and sex matched controls.
BIPP induced methaemoglobinaemia.
Otological manifestations of a new familial polyostotic bone disorder.
T1-T2 carcinoma of the glottis: relative hypofractionation.
Flexible bronchoscopy via the laryngeal mask: a new technique.
Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma). Presentation of an unusual case.
Larynx preservation with combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy in advanced but resectable head and neck cancer.
Atopic disease and immunoglobulin E in twins reared apart and together.
Sixteenth Daniel C. Baker, Jr, memorial lecture. Surgical management of supraglottic cancer and its lymph node metastases in a conservative perspective.
Role of partial laryngectomy after irradiation in the treatment of laryngeal cancer: a view from the United Kingdom.
Vocal fold medialization by surgical augmentation versus arytenoid adduction in the in vivo canine model.
Cellular changes in Reissner's membrane in endolymphatic hydrops.
Rat as a potential model for hearing loss in biotinidase deficiency.
Facial nerve and medially invasive petrous bone cholesteatomas.
Neonatal and pediatric microsubglottiscope set.
Fungal sinusitis in immunocompromised children with neoplasms.
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion in cancer of the head and neck.
Lower cranial nerve palsies. Potentially lethal in association with upper cervical fracture-dislocations.
The mini-grommet and tympanosclerosis.
Neurogenic sarcoma of the sinonasal tract.
Unusual cause of intranasal injury.
Subglottic cyst in a newborn.
A double-blind placebo-controlled study of the efficacy and tolerability of ebastine against hayfever in general practice patients.
Cogan's syndrome complicated by lacunar brain infarcts.
Otorhinolaryngologic causes of headache.
Motion sickness. Helping patients tolerate the ups and downs.
Testing of vestibular function: an adjunct in the assessment of chronic fatigue syndrome.
Late recovery of function after oculomotor nerve palsy.
Complications following thyroid surgery.
Smell and taste disorders, a study of 750 patients from the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center.
Use of prophylactic otic drops after tympanostomy tube insertion.
Final report on the second British Institute of Radiology fractionation study: short versus long overall treatment times for radiotherapy of carcinoma of the laryngo-pharynx.
Paediatric haemangiomas: the role of radiotherapy.
Malignant neoplasia of the paranasal sinuses associated with mucocele.
Microtrapdoor flap repair of laryngeal and tracheal stenosis.
Sinus aspergillosis and allergic fungal sinusitis.
Gastric emptying after gastric interposition for cancer of the esophagus or hypopharynx.
Juvenile spring eruption of the ears: a probable variant of polymorphic light eruption.
Locally advanced paranasal sinus and nasopharynx tumors treated with hyperfractionated radiation and concomitant infusion cisplatin.
Evaluation and management of stridor in the newborn.
Cutaneous responses to anticholinergics: evidence for muscarinic receptor subtype participation.
Multiple Amb a I allergens demonstrate specific reactivity with IgE and T cells from ragweed-allergic patients.
Biocompatible implantable antimicrobial release for necrotizing external otitis.
Prevalence and natural history of otitis media with perforation in Maori school children.
Mode of growth of acquired cholesteatoma.
Histology of aural polyp as a predictor of middle ear disease activity.
Perilymph fistula--a diagnostic dilemma.
MRI of the paranasal sinuses: incidental abnormalities and their relationship to symptoms.
Treatment of 'vasomotor rhinitis' by the local application of silver nitrate.
Human papilloma virus and carcinoma of the laryngopharynx.
Reinke's oedema and thyroid function.
Blood transfusion and survival after laryngectomy for laryngeal carcinoma.
Prophylaxis of nasolacrimal duct obstruction after major sinus surgery using a silicone stent.
Bilateral perilymph fistula in an adult.
Solitary keratoacanthoma of the nasal vestibule.
Primary mucoid adenocarcinoma of the larynx.
Tympanic membrane temperatures compared to rectal and oral temperatures.
Effect of otitis media on infrared tympanic thermometry.
Endolaryngeal jet ventilation: a 10-year review.
Lipoinjection for unilateral vocal cord paralysis.
Observation of the external aperture of the vestibular aqueduct using three-dimensional surface reconstruction imaging.
Correlations between histopathological and biological findings in nasopharyngeal carcinoma and its prognostic significance.
Extracapsular spread of squamous cell carcinoma in neck lymph nodes: prognostic factor of laryngeal cancer.
The submandibular triangle in squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx and hypopharynx.
Stereotactic radiosurgery for squamous cell carcinoma of the nasopharynx.
Retrolabyrinthine vestibular nerve section: efficacy in disorders other than Meniere's disease.
The association of laryngoceles with squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx.
Effects of cranial irradiation on hypothalamic-pituitary function--a 5-year longitudinal study in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
The sphenoiditis spectrum.
Adult tonsillectomy.
Red blood cell deformability in sudden sensorineural deafness: another aetiology?
Mastoid surgery in childhood.
Post-laryngectomy stomal recurrence: tumour implantation or paratracheal lymphatic metastasis?
A new approach to the management of acute epistaxis.
Polytomographic radiology in the diagnosis and management of maxillary antral disease as determined by antroscopy.
Unilateral otosclerosis and noise-induced occupational hearing loss.
Malignant tumours of the middle ear.
Use of serum markers in the diagnosis and management of laryngeal cancer.
Lymphadenosis benigna cutis resulting from Borrelia infection (Borrelia lymphocytoma).
Bilateral cerebellopontine angle tumors in neurofibromatosis type 2.
Induction chemotherapy plus radiation compared with surgery plus radiation in patients with advanced laryngeal cancer. The Department of Veterans Affairs Laryngeal Cancer Study Group.
Delayed hearing loss after surgery for acoustic neurinomas: clinical and electrophysiological observations.
Progressive deterioration of auditory evoked potentials after excision of an acoustic neurinoma: case report.
Contact-tip Nd:YAG laser applications: squamous nasal papillomatosis.
Quantitative bone and 67Ga scintigraphy in the differentiation of necrotizing external otitis from severe external otitis.
Inner ear damage secondary to diabetes mellitus. I. Changes in adolescent SHR/N-cp rats.
Surgical management of perilymph fistulas. A new technique.
Fine-needle aspiration in recurrent tonsillitis.
Tracheostomal stenosis after immediate tracheoesophageal puncture.
Schwannomas of the paranasal sinuses. Case report and clinicopathologic analysis.
Carcinoma of the larynx. Changing incidence in women.
Serum antibodies against respiratory tract viruses in episodes of acute otitis media.
Management of childhood cholesteatoma.
Scanning electron microscopic study of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Primary surgical treatment for carcinoma of the larynx: influence of the local invasion.
Prospective study of the complications of endoscopic laryngeal surgery.
Hazardous party trick (infolding of the pinna).
Post-traumatic cholesteatoma.
Synchronous arytenoid and pancreatic neuroendocrine carcinoma.
Concomitant chemotherapy and split-course radiation for cure and preservation of speech and swallowing in head and neck cancer.
Otolaryngologic aspects of Lyme disease.
Antibody response against the Epstein-Barr virus-coded nuclear antigen2 (EBNA2) in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma treated at the Finsen Institute, Copenhagen 1965-1985: survival and some prognostic factors.
Transient retrocochlear low-frequency sensorineural hearing loss: a new clinical entity.
Type B Haemophilus influenzae-induced otitis media in the mouse.
The measurement and manipulation of intralabyrinthine pressure in experimental endolymphatic hydrops.
Endoscopic CO2 laser excisional biopsy of early supraglottic cancer.
Treatment of meningitis and other infections due to ampicillin-resistant Haemophilus influenzae type b in children.
Management of anterior and posterior epistaxis.
Cholesteatoma: recognition and management.
The efficacy of fiberoptic endoscopic examination and biopsy in the detection of early nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Acute cor pulmonale secondary to metastatic tumor to the heart: a case report and literature review.
Making tympanocentesis [correction of tympanpanocentesis] easier.
Upper airway obstruction from AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
Vocal cord paralysis in the Shy-Drager syndrome. A cause of postoperative respiratory obstruction.
Dehiscent temporomandibular joint.
Abundant expression of EBER1 small nuclear RNA in nasopharyngeal carcinoma. A morphologically distinctive target for detection of Epstein-Barr virus in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded carcinoma specimens.
Changes in periurethral microflora after antimicrobial drugs.
Laryngeal cancer: diagnosis, treatment and speech rehabilitation.
Kartagener's syndrome.
Otolaryngologic manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux.
Primary tracheojejunal shunt operation for voice restoration following pharyngolaryngoesophagectomy.
Insertion of the tensor veli palatini muscle into the eustachian tube cartilage in cleft palate cases.
Epiglottoplasty for reconstruction of posttraumatic laryngeal stenosis.
Hearing and vestibular disturbances in Behcet's syndrome.
Effect of cyclosporine A on the hearing loss in Behcet's disease.
Middle ear pressures of children with otitis media with effusion.
Postural compensation in children with congenital or early acquired bilateral vestibular loss.
Contribution of increased endolymphatic pressure to hearing loss in experimental hydrops.
Endoscopic holmium laser laryngotracheoplasty in animal models.
Prospective analysis of masticatory function following lateral mandibulotomy.
Correlates of vestibular evaluation results during the first year of life.
Headshake versus whole-body rotation testing of the vestibulo-ocular reflex.
An experimental study on the laryngeal electromyography and visual observations in varying types of surgical injuries to the unilateral recurrent laryngeal nerve in the neck.
Toxic effects of cisplatin alone and in combination with gentamicin in stria vascularis of guinea pigs.
In search of missing links in otology. II. Development of an implantable middle ear drug delivery system: initial studies of sustained ampicillin release for the treatment of otitis media.
Staphylococcus aureus nasal carriage in patients with rhinosinusitis.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery in the internal auditory canal.
Supraglottic carcinoma: impact of radiation therapy on outcome of patients with positive margins and extracapsular nodal disease.
Detection of human papillomavirus in head and neck tumors with DNA hybridization and immunohistochemical analysis.
Concentration of cefuroxime in serum and middle ear effusion after single dose treatment with cefuroxime axetil.
Human ultrasonic speech perception.
Hypopharyngeal lipoma as a cause for sudden asphyxial death.
Immediate and late inflammatory responses to ragweed antigen challenge of the peripheral airways in allergic asthmatics. Cellular, mediator, and permeability changes.
Elevated bronchoalveolar lavage fluid histamine levels in allergic asthmatics are associated with increased airway obstruction.
Predicting radioresistance in early glottic squamous cell carcinoma by DNA content.
Endoscopic surgery of the vidian nerve. Preliminary report.
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma: modes of presentation.
Intracavernous carotid artery aneurysm presenting as recurrent epistaxis.
Abolition of optokinetic afternystagmus by aminoglycoside ototoxicity.
Middle ear fluid lysozyme source in experimental pneumococcal otitis media.
Low incidence of point mutation at codon 12 of K-ras proto-oncogene in squamous cell carcinoma of the upper aerodigestive tract.
Absence of both auditory evoked potentials and auditory percepts dependent on timing cues.
Word deafness and auditory cortical function. A case history and hypothesis.
Pulmonary oedema after airway obstruction due to bilateral vocal cord paralysis.
Detection of single copies of Epstein-Barr virus in paraffin wax sections by non-radioactive in situ hybridisation.
Vascularized omentum graft for the reconstruction of the skull base after removal of a nasoethmoidal tumor with intracranial extension: case report.
Prolonged lumbar spinal drainage after the resection of tumors of the skull base: a cautionary note.
Intracranial metastasis from carcinoma of the paranasal sinus.
No evidence of hearing loss due to fetal acoustic stimulation test.
Labelling of rhinitis and hayfever by doctors.
Cranial nerve involvement and base of the skull erosion in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Hearing aid prescribing: is the specialist opinion necessary?
The effect of treatment with ventilating tubes on language development in preschool children with otitis media with effusion.
Medical treatment of chronic otitis media: steroid or antibiotic with steroid ear-drops?
Malignant tumours in patients with a history of multiple laryngeal papillomas: the significance of irradiation.
Tympanometry in the detection of hearing impairments associated with otitis media with effusion.
Management of verrucous carcinoma of the larynx.
Temporal bone findings in a family with branchio-oto-renal syndrome (BOR).
The nature of the epithelium in acquired cholesteatoma.
The prevalence of hearing impairment amongst Maori schoolchildren.
Survival of cancer of the larynx related to treatment.
Antroscopy in outpatient management: a prospective study.
Immunotherapy decreases antigen-induced eosinophil cell migration into the nasal cavity.
The pathophysiology of rhinitis. V. Sources of protein in allergen-induced nasal secretions.
Differences in clinical and immunologic reactivity of patients allergic to grass pollens and to multiple-pollen species. II. Efficacy of a double-blind, placebo-controlled, specific immunotherapy with standardized extracts.
Randomized, cross over study to assess patient preference for an acoustically modified hearing aid system.
Mastoid surgery at the Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital 1986-1988.
Treatment of chronic mastoiditis by grafting of mastoid cavities with autologous epithelial layers generated by in vitro culture of buccal epithelium.
Mastoid obliteration with the temporoparietal fascia flap.
Nasal endoscope in posterior epistaxis: a preliminary evaluation.
Clinical evaluation of nasopharyngeal carcinoma in Jordan.
High recovery of Haemophilus influenzae and group A streptococci in recurrent tonsillar infection or hypertrophy as compared with normal tonsils.
Peritonsillar abscess: risk of disease in the remaining tonsil after unilateral tonsillectomy a chaud.
Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma involving the tonsil: an immunohistochemical study.
Arytenoidectomy and posterior cordectomy for bilateral abductor paralysis.
Staging carcinoma: its value in cancer of the larynx.
Primary treatment of cancer of the larynx.
Emergency laryngectomy.
Tegmental dehiscence and brain herniation into the middle ear cleft.
Fatal human cyclical neutropenia with unresolving tonsillitis and bilateral cervical abscesses.
In vitro activity and in vivo efficacy of a new series of 9-deoxo-12-deoxy-9,12-epoxyerythromycin A derivatives.
Comparative evaluation of loracarbef and amoxicillin-clavulanate for acute otitis media.
Basic principles and clinical applications of tympanometry.
Acoustic reflex measures in audiologic evaluation.
Central auditory function.
Hearing compensation evaluation.
Occupational hearing conservation.
Vestibular testing in hearing loss.
Bronchial reactivity and allergy-promoting factors in monozygotic twins discordant for allergic rhinitis.
Randomized, controlled trial comparing long-term sulfonamide therapy to ventilation tubes for otitis media with effusion.
Non-Hodgkin's lymphomas of nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses. An immunohistochemical study.
Incidence and management of airway problems in the CHARGE Association.
Otitis media with effusion in children. Binaural hearing before and after corrective surgery.
Suprahyoid pharyngotomy for oropharynx cancer including the tongue base.
Gender influences subsite of origin of laryngeal carcinoma.
Spontaneous regression of juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma.
Respiratory symptoms in Indian women using domestic cooking fuels.
Simplified procedures for applying the polymerase chain reaction to routinely fixed paraffin wax sections.
Stapedectomy: long-term hearing results.
Allergic fungal sinusitis: problems in diagnosis and treatment.
Ciprofloxacin: drug of choice in the treatment of malignant external otitis (MEO).
A new approach to serial monitoring of ultra-high frequency hearing.
Lightning and its effects on the auditory system.
Singular neurectomy update. II. Review of 102 cases.
Wide vertical hemipharyngolaryngectomy with immediate glottic and pharyngeal reconstruction using a radial forearm free flap: preliminary results.
Otologic sequelae after pneumococcal meningitis: a survey of 164 consecutive cases with a follow-up of 94 survivors.
The lymphocyte transformation test with type II collagen as a diagnostic tool of autoimmune sensorineural hearing loss.
Surgical treatment of chronic otitis media and Meniere's syndrome.
Dose tolerance study of fluticasone propionate aqueous nasal spray in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Retrospective long-term follow-up analysis in 21 patients with chordomas of various sites treated at a single institution.
The concept of silent otitis media. Its importance and implications.
Epidemiology of otitis media.
Update on functional anatomy and pathology of human eustachian tube related to otitis media with effusion.
The significance of experimental animal studies in otitis media.
Mechanisms of otitis media development. Involvement of neurogenic inflammation.
Middle ear inflammatory mediators and cochlear function.
Immunologic reactivity in the middle ear in otitis media with effusion.
Clinical and pharmacokinetic basis for the antimicrobial treatment of acute otitis media.
Audiologic evaluation of the otitis media patient.
Clinical approach to treatment of otitis media.
Pediatric approach to the diagnosis and management of otitis media.
Otolaryngologic approach to the diagnosis and management of otitis media.
Otitis media: the pathogenesis approach. Assessment and treatment of associated upper respiratory tract pathology.
Otitis media: the pathogenesis approach. General surgical approach based on pathogenesis. An overall approach.
Otitis media. 16 years of pathogenesis approach.
Simulated aggressive skull base erosion in response to benign sinonasal disease.
Stapes surgery: complications and airway infection.
Chlamydia trachomatis in the etiology of acute otitis media.
Familial sensorineural hearing loss: a correlative study of audiologic, radiographic, and vestibular findings.
Choanal atresia and lymphedema.
Salivary-type neoplasms of the sinonasal tract.
Familial aggregation of nasopharyngeal carcinoma and other malignancies. A clinicopathologic description.
Secretory IgA- and IgG-coated bacteria in chronically discharging ears.
The limited accuracy of bone-conduction audiometry: its significance in medicolegal assessments.
Management of retraction pockets of the pars tensa.
Realities in ossiculoplasty.
Characterization of severely and profoundly hearing impaired adults attending an audiology clinic.
Effect of nasal packing on eustachian tube function.
Angiofibromas of the postnasal space: a critical appraisal of various therapeutic modalities.
Rhinocerebral mucormycosis: use of liposomal amphotericin B.
Intracranial extension of a naso-ethmoid schwannoma.
Pseudoaneurysm of the internal carotid artery: a forgotten complication of tonsillitis?
Nasal haemangiopericytoma.
Chemotherapy of metastatic and/or recurrent undifferentiated nasopharyngeal carcinoma with cisplatin, bleomycin, and fluorouracil.
Telecanthal approach for meningiomas in the ethmoid and sphenoid sinuses.
Resolution of otitis media with effusion with the use of a stepped treatment regimen of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and prednisone.
Serious soft tissue infections of the head and neck.
Allergic fungal sinusitis. Report of three cases associated with dematiaceous fungi.
Evaluation of auditory brain-stem response in full-term infants of cocaine-abusing mothers.
Blood transfusion and laryngeal cancer.
Cough intensity in patients with a vocal cord palsy.
Surgery for chronic ear disease in a non-university hospital: open cavity, obliteration and intact canal wall techniques.
Laryngeal papillomas: histomorphometric evaluation of multiple and solitary lesions.
Secretory otitis media: a review of management by consultant otolaryngologists.
The protective effect of a conductive hearing loss in workers exposed to industrial noise.
Clinical investigation of hearing loss in the elderly.
The spontaneous course of nasal obstruction in patients with normal nasal airway resistance.
Inverted papilloma of the nose and paranasal sinuses: a study of 67 patients.
Antimicrobial treatment of acute otitis media.
Acute otitis media in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children.
Staving off acute otitis media. When is prophylaxis with antibiotics desirable?
cis-platinum ototoxicity in children.
The intraoperative management of the thyroid gland during laryngectomy.
Otoacoustic emissions in normal and hearing-impaired children and normal adults.
The natural history of epistaxis in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Origin of malignant centrofacial granulomas: surface markers and gene rearrangement of malignant cells.
Intracanalicular acoustic neurinomas.
Idiopathic intractable epistaxis: endovascular therapy.
Middle ear adenoma: tumour of mixed mucinous and neuroendocrine differentiation.
Identification of anti-idiotypic antibodies in the sera of ryegrass-allergic and nonallergic individuals.
Benign cartilaginous tumors of the upper airway.
Clinical and inflammatory responses to exogenous tachykinins in allergic rhinitis.
Antigen-provoked increase in histamine reactivity. Observations on mechanisms.
Laryngeal airway resistance. The relationships of airflow, pressure, and aperture.
A new technique for quantitative measurement of laryngeal videostroboscopic images.
Actinomycosis in obstructive tonsillar hypertrophy and recurrent tonsillitis.
Oral vaccine therapy for pneumococcal otitis media in an animal model.
Complications following ventilation of the middle ear using Goode T tubes.
Basaloid squamous carcinoma of the hypopharynx and larynx associated with second primary tumors.
Characterization of interactions of enteropathogenic Escherichia coli O127:H6 with mammalian cells in vitro.
Autologous fat injection for vocal cord medialization in the canine larynx.
Electromagnetic semi-implantable hearing device: phase I. Clinical trials.
The intranasal ethmoidectomy: an experience with 1,077 procedures.
Update: ansa cervicalis to recurrent laryngeal nerve anastomosis for unilateral laryngeal paralysis.
Lymphotoxin in human middle ear cholesteatoma.
Patency rate of endoscopic middle meatus antrostomy.
Vocal quality of decannulated children following laryngeal reconstruction.
Ossicular chain reconstruction: a combined prosthesis with organic and synthetic material.
The otolaryngologic manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD): a clinical investigation of 225 patients using ambulatory 24-hour pH monitoring and an experimental investigation of the role of acid and pepsin in the development of laryngeal injury.
Nd:YAG laser-induced hyperthermia treatment of spontaneously occurring veterinary head and neck tumors.
Once daily fluticasone propionate aqueous nasal spray is an effective treatment for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Multiple keratoacanthomas after megavoltage radiation therapy.
Allergen-induced increase in nonspecific nasal reactivity is blocked by antihistamines without a clear-cut relationship to eosinophil influx.
A multicenter trial of nedocromil sodium, 1% nasal solution, compared with cromolyn sodium and placebo in ragweed seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Typing of Pseudomonas aeruginosa ear infections related to outcome of treatment.
Role of radiation therapy for 'juvenile' angiofibroma.
Laser epiglottectomy: endoscopic technique and indications.
Labyrinthine ossification after meningitis: its implications for cochlear implantation.
The effects of phonosurgery on laryngeal vibration: Part I. Theoretic considerations.
The incisor absent rat: an animal model for the study of otosclerosis.
Bilateral spontaneous perilymph fistulae: a diagnostic and management dilemma.
Physiologic status of regenerated hair cells in the avian inner ear following aminoglycoside ototoxicity.
Sigmoid sinus thrombosis diagnosis by contrasted MRI scanning.
Inverted papillomas and associated squamous cell carcinomas.
Changes in nasopharyngeal flora during otitis media of childhood.
Comparison of the metabolic effects of continuous postoperative enteral feeding and feeding at night only.
Olfactory neuroblastoma. Additional immunohistochemical characterization
Quantitative analysis of the bacterial findings in otitis media.
Third place--Resident Basic Science Award 1990. Interleukin 1 causing bone destruction in middle ear cholesteatoma.
The use of diagnostic testing in asymmetric sensorineural hearing loss.
Preservation of hearing in neurofibromatosis 2.
A large-scale, office-based study evaluates the use of a new class of non-sedating antihistamines. A report from CEN
Clinical role of respiratory virus infection in acute otitis media.
Multichannel cochlear implant and electrically evoked auditory brainstem responses in a child with labyrinthitis ossificans.
H1-receptor antagonist treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
The effects of antihistamines beyond H1 antagonism in allergic inflammation.
Recurrence after radiotherapy for glottic carcinoma.
Antibiotic/steroid ear drop preparations: a cost-effective approach to their use
The sinusitis cycle.
Paranasal sinus imaging.
The clinician's view of sinusitis.
First-line management of sinusitis: a national problem? Surgical update.
Paranasal sinuses on MR images of the brain: significance of mucosal thickening.
The dizzy patient: etiologic treatment.
KTP laser stapedotomy: is it safe?
Etiologic diagnosis in neurotologic disease.
Endolymph pressure in Meniere's disease.
Expansion of the infant subglottis by external cricoid distraction: an animal model.
Otic capsule bony lesions in the Palmerston North autoimmune mouse.
A method for allocation of hearing handicap.
Human adenoidal organ culture: a model to study nontypable Haemophilus influenzae (NTHI) and other bacterial interactions with nasopharyngeal mucosa--implications in otitis media.
Hemilaryngectomy for salvage of radiation therapy failures.
Stomal recurrence after laryngectomy: interrelated risk factor study.
Effects of indomethacin and calcitonin on bone absorption in type II collagen-induced otosclerosis-like lesions in rats.
Fungal diseases of the sinuses.
Nasal transit time in normal subjects and pathologic conditions.
Permeability of the round window membrane to horseradish peroxidase in experimental otitis media.
The endoscopic repair of choanal atresia.
Nasal schwannoma.
A comparison of the KTP/532-laser tonsillectomy vs. traditional dissection/snare tonsillectomy.
Meningiomas of the lateral skull base: neurotologic manifestations and patterns of recurrence.
Free amino acid analysis of guinea pig perilymph: a possible clinical assay for the PLF enigma?
Surgical approaches to congenital atresia of the external auditory canal.
Cricoid release in a preterm neonate
A circulating inhibitor of the platelet Na+,K+ adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) enzyme in allergy.
Host factors and early therapeutic response in acute otitis media.
Recurrence of oropharyngeal carcinoma after radiotherapy.
Capnography for detection of endobronchial migration of an endotracheal tube.
CHARGE and Joubert syndromes: are they a single disorder?
Management of labyrinthine fistulas caused by cholesteatoma.
The "plateau effect" of cis-platinum-induced hearing loss.
Vestibular and postural findings in the motion sickness syndrome.
Posterior semicircular canal occlusion in the normal hearing ear.
Cochlear nucleus cell size is regulated by auditory nerve electrical activity.
Bilateral vestibular paresis: diagnosis and treatment.
An analysis of the retrolabyrinthine vs. the retrosigmoid vestibular nerve section.
Acoustic-distortion products: separation of sensory from neural dysfunction in sensorineural hearing loss in human beings and rabbits.
A modified neoglottis procedure: update and analysis.
Otolaryngology problems in the immune compromised patient--an evolving natural history.
Radiographic evaluation and diagnosis of the failed frontal osteoplastic flap with fat obliteration.
Perilymph fistulas: the House Ear Clinic experience.
Endoscopic sinus surgery: outcome in 155 cases.
The potassium--titanyl phosphate laser for treatment of turbinate dysfunction.
Sudden hearing loss due to AIDS-related cryptococcal meningitis--a temporal bone study.
Levocabastine nasal spray better than sodium cromoglycate and placebo in the topical treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Clinical and financial audit of diagnostic protocols for lesions of the cerebellopontine angle
Early biochemical events in pneumococcal otitis media: arachidonic acid metabolites in middle ear fluid.
Altered effect of arachidonic acid on inner ear blood flow in rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
Labyrinthitis ossificans: histopathologic consideration for cochlear implantation.
Transantral sphenoethmoidectomy: a procedure for the 1990s?
Invasive Chrysosporium infection of the nose and paranasal sinuses in an immunocompromised host.
Intraoperative radiotherapy of skull base cancer.
Primary spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid rhinorrhea.
A functional evaluation of ansa cervicalis nerve transfer for unilateral vocal cord paralysis: future directions for laryngeal reinnervation.
Middle meatus anstrostomy: patency rates and risk factors.
Endoscopic surgery for lacrimal obstruction.
CT evaluation of the paranasal sinuses in symptomatic and asymptomatic populations.
Quest for the aberrant vessel.
Prediction of bithermal caloric response from monothermal stimulation.
Skin grafting of the larynx.
Aggressive juvenile fibromatosis involving the paranasal sinuses.
Bacteriology of inadequately treated active chronic otitis media in paediatric age group.
Invasive aspergillus rhinosinusitis in patients with acute leukemia.
Arachidonic acid metabolites in middle ear effusions of children.
Cefixime compared with amoxicillin for treatment of acute otitis media.
Comparative trial of cefprozil vs. amoxicillin clavulanate potassium in the treatment of children with acute otitis media with effusion.
Acquired hypoprothrombinaemia and lupus anticoagulant: response to steroid therapy.
Nasopharyngeal flora in the first three years of life in normal and otitis-prone children.
Oral ofloxacin therapy for invasive external otitis.
Source of tubercle bacilli in cervical lymph nodes: a prospective study.
Longitudinal followup of patients with Meniere's disease.
Blindness resulting from orbital complications of sinusitis.
Perilymphatic fistula: analysis of free amino acids in middle ear microaspirates.
Ossifying fibroma of the mid-face and paranasal sinuses: diagnostic and therapeutic considerations.
Epiglottic laryngoplasty after hemilaryngectomy for glottic cancer.
Facial nerve stimulation with cochlear implantation. VA Cooperative Study Group on Cochlear Implantation.
Laser cordectomy for T1 glottic carcinoma: a 10-year experience and videostroboscopic findings.
Radiotherapy of advanced laryngeal cancer using three small fractions daily.
Neurofibromatosis type I--a rare case resulting in conductive hearing loss.
Angle-tipped Baron suction tubes.
The infectious and hematologic otolaryngic complications of myelosuppressive cancer chemotherapy.
Selective chemical vestibulectomy: preliminary results with human application.
Repair of a cerebrospinal fluid perilymph fistula primarily through the middle ear and secondarily by occluding the cochlear aqueduct.
Determining side of vestibular dysfunction with rotatory chair testing.
Perilymphatic fistula: surgical experience in the United States.
