Excitatory amino acids in the developing brain: ontogeny, plasticity, and excitotoxicity.
Periventricular hyperintensity detected by magnetic resonance imaging in infancy.
Anencephaly: clinical determination of brain death and neuropathologic studies.
ACTH therapy in infantile spasms: relationship between dose of ACTH and initial effect or long-term prognosis.
Gross motor patterns in children with cerebral palsy and spastic diplegia.
Mistaken diagnoses in continuous muscle fiber activity of peripheral nerve origin.
Haemophilus influenzae meningitis with prolonged hospital course.
EEG correlation of improvement in hemolytic-uremic syndrome after plasma infusion.
Reversible myopathy due to labetalol.
Multiple intracranial mucoceles associated with phaeohyphomycosis of the paranasal sinuses.
Hyponatraemia secondary to an inappropriately high release of antidiuretic hormone in cardiac tamponade.
Threat of unemployment and cardiovascular risk factors: longitudinal study of quality of sleep and serum cholesterol concentrations in men threatened with redundancy.
Permanent external striated sphincter stents in patients with spinal injuries.
Hypercalcemia in infants presenting with apnea.
Primary leptomeningeal B-cell lymphoma in a 8-year-old child.
Epidural morphine for analgesia after caesarean section: a report of 4880 patients
Ethyl chloride and venepuncture pain: a comparison with intradermal lidocaine.
Brain protection: physiological and pharmacological considerations. Part I: The physiology of brain injury.
Transoesophageal pacing for perioperative control of neonatal paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Hospital admissions from the Surgical Day Care Centre of Vancouver General Hospital 1977-1987.
Two siblings with phenotypes mimicking peroxisomal disorders but with discordant biochemical findings.
The Exeter Dysphagia Assessment Technique.
Transient neuromuscular impairment resulting from prolonged inhalation of halothane and enflurane.
Resolution of the adult respiratory distress syndrome following colectomy and liver transplantation.
Barrett's esophagus in children and young adults. Frequent association with mental retardation.
Scintigraphic measurement of oropharyngeal transit in man.
Irritable bowel syndrome in women having diagnostic laparoscopy or hysterectomy. Relation to gynecologic features and outcome.
Myasthenia gravis.
Anorectal function in incontinent patients with cerebrospinal disease.
Dementia, depression, or grief? The differential diagnosis.
Semantic deterioration in Alzheimer's: the patterns to expect.
The auditory P300 event-related potential: an objective marker of the encephalopathy of chronic liver disease.
Increased serotoninergic and noradrenergic activity in hepatic encephalopathy in rats with thioacetamide-induced acute liver failure.
Pain experiences of intensive care unit patients.
Fungal pseudomeningitis superimposed on Escherichia coli meningitis.
Evaluating oxygen delivery and oxygen utilization with mixed venous oxygen saturation monitoring: a case study approach.
The effect of improved cementing techniques on component loosening in total hip replacement. An 11-year radiographic review.
Chiari pelvic osteotomy for osteoarthritis. The influence of the torn and detached acetabular labrum.
The Hastings bipolar hemiarthroplasty for subcapital fractures of the femoral neck. A 10-year prospective study.
Reduction of post-traumatic swelling and compartment pressure by impulse compression of the foot.
The management of the painful first metatarsophalangeal joint in the older patient. Arthrodesis or Keller's arthroplasty?
The modified Schollner costoplasty.
A surgical approach to the cervicothoracic spine.
Operative and conservative treatment of moderate spondylolisthesis in young patients.
Combined epidural and general anesthesia in aortic surgery.
Unusual haemostasis for an unusual tumour. Catastrophic bleeding from a tactile neurofibroma affecting the thoracic vertebrae. Case report.
Deletion of Alu sequences in the fifth c-sis intron in individuals with meningiomas.
Cheilitis granulomatosa: report of six cases and review of the literature.
The relationship of pemphigus to neoplasia.
Prevalence and characteristics of multiple analgesic drug use in an elderly study group.
Pelvic pain: lessons from anatomy and physiology.
Treatment of phenobarbital poisoning with multiple dose activated charcoal in an infant.
Headache: a marker of depression
Botulinum toxin treatment of cranial-cervical dystonia, spasmodic dysphonia, other focal dystonias and hemifacial spasm.
Botulinum toxin treatment in spasmodic torticollis.
Central nervous system haemangioblastoma: a clinical and genetic study of 52 cases.
Vesicular changes in the myopathies of AIDS. Ultrastructural observations and their relationship to zidovudine treatment.
The relationship of antibody levels to the clinical spectrum of human neurocysticercosis.
Low plasma iron status and akathisia.
Extradural implantation of sacral anterior root stimulators.
Bimanual simultaneous motor performance and impaired ability to shift attention in Parkinson's disease.
The treatment of Gilles de la Tourette syndrome by limbic leucotomy.
Stiffman syndrome: a rare paraneoplastic disorder?
LDH isoenzymes in cerebrospinal fluid in various brain tumours.
Misperceptions of comprehension difficulties of stroke patients by doctors, nurses and relatives.
Practice effects on the preprogramming of discrete movements in Parkinson's disease.
Blood pressure reactivity predicts myocardial infarction among treated hypertensive patients.
The relationship of headache symptoms with severity and duration of attacks.
Surgical management of exophytic chiasmatic-hypothalamic tumors of childhood.
Long-term follow-up review of 31 children with severe closed head trauma.
Initial CT findings in 753 patients with severe head injury. A report from the NIH Traumatic Coma Data Bank.
Neurobehavioral outcome 1 year after severe head injury. Experience of the Traumatic Coma Data Bank.
Meningiomas mimicking cerebral schwannoma.
Use of CT and MR imaging to distinguish intracranial lesions and to define the need for biopsy in AIDS patients
Hormonal dependency of cerebral meningiomas. Part 1: Female sex steroid receptors and their significance as specific markers for adjuvant medical therapy.
Hormonal dependency of cerebral meningiomas. Part 2: In vitro effect of steroids, bromocriptine, and epidermal growth factor on growth of meningiomas.
Intracarotid hydroxyethyl methacrylate solution causing stroke in dogs.
Hemiparkinsonism as a complication of an Ommaya reservoir. Case report.
Fourth ventricular schwannoma. Case report.
Myxomatous cyst of the brachial plexus. Case report.
Postlaminectomy ossified extradural pseudocyst. Case report.
Intradural epithelial cyst at the craniovertebral junction. Case report.
Stereotactic investigation of limbic epilepsy using a multimodal image analysis system. Technical note.
Disturbances in the cerebral perfusion of human immune deficiency virus-1 seropositive asymptomatic subjects: a quantitative tomography study of 18 cases.
HMPAO-SPECT imaging resembling Alzheimer-type dementia in mitochondrial encephalomyopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (MELAS).
An evaluation of sensory changes and pain relief in trigeminal neuralgia following intracranial microvascular decompression and/or trigeminal glycerol rhizotomy.
Assessment of Proplast-Teflon disc replacements [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Feb;49(2):220]
Normalization of plasma arginine vasopressin concentrations when children with meningitis are given maintenance plus replacement fluid therapy
Diagnosis of cerebrovascular disease in sickle cell anemia by magnetic resonance angiography
Assessing clinical significance of apnea exceeding fifteen seconds with event recording.
Measurement of progressive cerebral ventriculomegaly in infants after grades III and IV intraventricular hemorrhages.
Dysmorphogenesis elicited by microinjected acetaminophen analogs and metabolites in rat embryos cultured in vitro.
Importance of a neurologic evaluation in women with lower urinary tract dysfunction.
A practical approach to the painful bladder syndrome.
Rheumatoid arthritis and comorbidity.
An unusual manifestation of Paget's disease of bone: spinal epidural hematoma presenting as acute cauda equina syndrome.
Acute central nervous system symptoms caused by ibuprofen in connective tissue disease.
Recurrent thoracic outlet syndrome.
The influence of neutralizing heparin after carotid endarterectomy on postoperative stroke and wound hematoma.
Duplex scanning of normal or minimally diseased carotid arteries: correlation with arteriography and clinical outcome.
Changes in quality of care for five diseases measured by implicit review, 1981 to 1986
Prospective payment system and impairment at discharge. The 'quicker-and-sicker' story revisited
Acute sensorineural deafness in Lassa fever
Transcranial Doppler ultrasonography: clinical applications in cerebrovascular disease.
Arterial responses during migraine headache.
Evoked potentials in assessment and follow-up of patients with Wilson's disease.
Neurological sequelae of cerebral malaria in children.
Effects of uvulopalatopharyngoplasty on sleep architecture and patterns of obstructed breathing.
Mitochondrial encephalomyopathies.
Peroxisomal disorders.
The molecular biology of occlusive stroke in childhood.
Bacterial meningitis: an update.
The classification of childhood seizures and epilepsy syndromes.
Infantile spasms.
Status epilepticus in infancy and childhood.
Rett syndrome and the autistic disorders.
Tourette syndrome: recent advances.
The floppy infant: recent advances in the understanding of disorders affecting the neuromuscular junction.
Rehabilitation of the pediatric patient with a neuromuscular disease.
Magnetic resonance in pediatric and adolescent neuroimaging.
The use of ultrasound in evaluating neurologic diseases of childhood.
Coffee, caffeine, and cardiovascular disease in men
Dwarf locus mutants lacking three pituitary cell types result from mutations in the POU-domain gene pit-1.
Pre-trigeminal neuralgia.
Hemiplegia in posterior cerebral artery occlusion.
Capsular genu syndrome.
Tonic contraversive ocular tilt reaction due to unilateral meso-diencephalic lesion.
Acute naming deficits following dominant temporal lobectomy: prediction by age at 1st risk for seizures.
An estimate of the incidence of dementia in idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Antemortem diagnosis of diffuse Lewy body disease.
Variable expression of Parkinson's disease: a base-line analysis of the DATATOP cohort. The Parkinson Study Group.
Chinese-white differences in the distribution of occlusive cerebrovascular disease.
Abnormal pulsatile secretion of luteinizing hormone in men with epilepsy: relationship to laterality and nature of paroxysmal discharges.
Dystonia in Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy, and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Neuroexcitatory plasma amino acids are elevated in migraine.
Borderzone hemodynamics in cerebrovascular disease.
Fresnel prisms improve visual perception in stroke patients with homonymous hemianopia or unilateral visual neglect.
Comparison of algorithms of testing for use in automated evaluation of sensation.
Gadolinium-MRI in acute transverse myelopathy.
Right-left disorientation in dementia of the Alzheimer type.
Effect of plasmapheresis on serum and CSF autoantibody levels in CNS paraneoplastic syndromes.
Aggravation of human and experimental myasthenia gravis by contrast media.
Dopamine beta-hydroxylase activity in cerebrospinal fluid of idiopathic torsion dystonia.
Inconsistent response to divalproex sodium in hemichorea/hemiballism.
Oxidation reactions in Parkinson's disease.
The modified superior based pharyngeal flap. Part III. A retrospective study.
A unique indexing splint for use in combined Le Fort and nasal injuries to avoid tracheostomy.
Patient compliance--a factor in facial trauma repair.
Febrile status epilepticus
Bacterial or viral meningitis? Measuring lactate in CSF can help you know quickly.
Understanding dizziness. How to decipher this nonspecific symptom.
Levels of mRNA for a putative kainate receptor are affected by seizures.
Immunodominant regions for T helper-cell sensitization on the human nicotinic receptor alpha subunit in myasthenia gravis.
Concurrent and construct validity of the Pediatric Evaluation of Disability Inventory.
Effects of neuro-developmental treatment and orthoses on knee flexion during gait: a single-subject design.
Conditioning of the spinal stretch reflex: implications for rehabilitation.
A clinicopathological study of the paraneoplastic neuromuscular syndromes associated with lung cancer.
Wilson's disease: 35 years' experience.
Progression of diabetic autonomic neuropathy over a decade in insulin-dependent diabetics.
Hyponatraemia in patients with cirrhosis.
Temporal bone: three-dimensional CT. Part II. Pathologic alterations.
Extrageniculate vision in hemianopic humans: saccade inhibition by signals in the blind field.
Dementia: what to do.
Hematoma of the optic nerve sheath after penetrating trauma.
Relationship between duration of spinal cord ischemia and postoperative neurologic deficits in animals.
Histopathologic correlation of magnetic resonance imaging signal patterns in a spinal cord injury model.
Cerebral cysticercosis.
Intractable complex partial seizures associated with occult temporal lobe encephalocele and meningoangiomatosis: a case report.
Cavernous-carotid thrombosis and ocular motor paresis
Value of magnetic resonance imaging in spontaneous extradural spinal hematoma due to vascular malformation: case report.
Naloxone and spinal fluid drainage as adjuncts in the surgical treatment of thoracoabdominal and thoracic aneurysms.
Stroke and its modification in Parkinson's disease.
Acute and long-term changes in serum lipids after acute stroke.
Risk factors for white matter changes detected by magnetic resonance imaging in the elderly.
Evidence for platelet-activating factor as a novel mediator in experimental stroke in rabbits.
Beneficial effect of 1,3-butanediol on cerebral energy metabolism and edema following brain embolization in rats.
Retinal infarction during sleep and wakefulness.
Etiologic importance of the intimal flap of the external carotid artery in the development of postcarotid endarterectomy stroke.
Transitional cell carcinomatous meningitis after M-VAC (methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin) chemotherapy.
Neurologic complications of cardiac transplantation.
Tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Does paramedic-base hospital contact result in beneficial deviations from standard prehospital protocols?
Analysis of programmed stimulation methods in the evaluation of ventricular arrhythmias in patients 20 years old and younger.
Aortic calcified plaques and cardiovascular disease (the Framingham Study).
Atlanto-occipital disarticulation. Accident characteristics.
Accidental death from a black-powder rifle breech plug.
Frequency of three Hex A mutant alleles among Jewish and non-Jewish carriers identified in a Tay-Sachs screening program.
More than one mutant allele causes infantile Tay-Sachs disease in French-Canadians.
Laparoscopic ventrosuspensions. A review of 72 cases.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Auditory hallucinations and smaller superior temporal gyral volume in schizophrenia.
A discriminant validity study of negative symptoms with a special focus on depression and antipsychotic medication.
Depression in dementia of the Alzheimer type and in multi-infarct dementia.
Panic disorder and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular problems: results from a community survey.
Nitrous oxide does not alter infarct volume in rats undergoing reversible middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Resistance to d-tubocurarine in lower motor neuron injury is related to increased acetylcholine receptors at the neuromuscular junction
A comparative trial of three agents in the treatment of acute migraine headache.
A prospective, double-blind study of metoclopramide hydrochloride for the control of migraine in the emergency department
Brain water content, brain blood volume, blood chemistry, and pathology in a model of cerebral edema.
Spectral electroretinography in thioridazine toxicity.
A case of unilateral posterior ischemic optic neuropathy after radical neck dissection.
Auditory brain stem implant: effect of tumor size and preoperative hearing level on function.
Cholinergic deficiency and frontal dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Posthypoxic glucose supplement reduces hypoxic-ischemic brain damage in the neonatal rat.
Relation of hyperglycemia early in ischemic brain infarction to cerebral anatomy, metabolism, and clinical outcome.
A clinical triad to diagnose paraneoplastic retinopathy.
Soluble interleukin-2 receptors in cerebrospinal fluid from individuals with various neurological disorders.
Ubiquitin immunoreactivity in kuru plaques in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Middle cerebral artery strokes causing homonymous hemianopia: positron emission tomography.
Vasoactive peptide release in the extracerebral circulation of humans during migraine headache.
Richner-Hanhart's syndrome. Electron microscopic study of the skin lesion.
Magnetic resonance imaging in neurological disorders.
Slow release carbamazepine in treatment of poorly controlled seizures.
The iris in Williams syndrome.
Analysis of prognostic factors and clinicopathological staging of thymoma
Intraoperative ultrasonic imaging of the ascending aorta in ischemic heart disease.
Prevention of paraplegia during aortic operations.
Diagnostic imaging and surgical treatment of dumbbell tumors of the mediastinum.
Coexisting thymic carcinoid tumor and thymoma.
Electroencephalography should not be routine in the evaluation of syncope in adults
The influence of age vs peak serum concentration on life-threatening events after chronic theophylline intoxication.
Morbidity, mortality, and quality of life for patients treated with levothyroxine
An immunofluorescence study of cerebral malaria. A correlation with histopathology.
Physiologic responses to prolonged electrically stimulated leg-cycle exercise in the spinal cord injured.
Rehabilitation of chronic stroke patients: changes in functional performance.
Manual stretch: effect on finger movement control and force control in stroke subjects with spastic extrinsic finger flexor muscles.
Strapless oral-nasal interface for positive-pressure ventilation.
Stroke rehabilitation: a geropsychological perspective.
Childhood stroke after minor neck trauma: case report.
Failure to detect human T-cell leukemia virus-related sequences in multiple sclerosis blood.
Apneic oxygenation in apnea tests for brain death. A controlled trial.
Geographic patterns of parkinsonism-dementia complex on Guam. 1956 through 1985.
Racial differences in the anterior circulation in cerebrovascular disease. How much can be explained by risk factors?
The large striatocapsular infarct. A clinical and pathophysiological entity.
Brain imaging abnormalities in mental disorders of late life.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for primary lymphoma of the central nervous system.
X-linked spinal muscular atrophy (Kennedy's syndrome). A kindred with hypobetalipoproteinemia.
Unusual cause of 'piriformis muscle syndrome'.
Botulinum vs adjustable suture surgery in the treatment of horizontal misalignment in adult patients lacking fusion.
Experimental alcoholic skeletal muscle myopathy is characterised by a rapid and sustained decrease in muscle RNA content.
Epidural hematoma: an unusual presentation.
Cardiac arrhythmias from a malpositioned Greenfield filter in a traumatic quadriplegic.
The supraspinal anxiolytic effect of baclofen for spasticity reduction.
Effect of flumazenil on midazolam-induced amnesia.
Double-blind comparison of topical lignocaine-prilocaine cream (EMLA) and lignocaine infiltration for arterial cannulation in adults.
Cerebral effects of sevoflurane in the dog: comparison with isoflurane and enflurane.
Homocystinuria presenting as central retinal artery occlusion and longstanding thromboembolic disease.
Immunophenotypic characteristics of cerebrospinal fluid cells in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia at diagnosis.
Unawareness of hypoglycaemia and inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation: no causal relation with diabetic autonomic neuropathy
Diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH) of the shoulder: a cause of shoulder pain?
Does primary fibromyalgia exist?
Lesions of the mid-shaft of the humerus presenting as shoulder capsulitis.
Mastalgia refractory to drug treatment.
Abdominal wall pain: an alternative diagnosis.
Elevated serum bromide concentrations following repeated halothane anaesthesia in a child.
Anaesthetic management of the brain dead for organ donation.
Left ventricular ejection fraction may not be useful as an end point of thrombolytic therapy comparative trials.
Neurological and ophthalmological phenomena after aortic conduit surgery.
Obstructive sleep apnoea in children undergoing routine tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy.
A randomized comparison of manipulation of the fractured nose under local and general anaesthesia.
Patellar resurfacing in total knee arthroplasty.
Cemented total knee arthroplasty for gonarthrosis in patients 55 years old or younger.
HTLV-I viral-associated myelopathy after blood transfusion in a multiple trauma patient.
Anterior acromioplasty for treatment of the shoulder impingement syndrome.
Long-term morphology of spastic or flaccid muscles in spinal cord-transected rabbits.
Total knee arthroplasty fixation. Comparison of the early results of paired cemented versus uncemented porous coated anatomic knee prostheses.
Cemented and ingrowth fixation of the Miller-Galante prosthesis. Clinical and roentgenographic comparison after three- to six-year follow-up studies.
Seizures in the alcoholic patient.
Neurologic complications of alcoholism.
Anatomical, physiological, and theoretical basis for the antiepileptic effect of vagus nerve stimulation.
Feasibility and safety of vagal stimulation in monkey model.
An implantable neurocybernetic prosthesis system.
Surgical technique for implantation of the neurocybernetic prosthesis.
Efficacy and safety of vagus nerve stimulation in patients with complex partial seizures.
Vagus nerve stimulation in humans: neurophysiological studies and electrophysiological monitoring.
Effects of vagal stimulation on experimentally induced seizures in rats.
Gene mapping and other tools for discovery.
The epilepsies: clinical implications of the international classification.
Experimental models of temporal lobe epilepsy: new insights from the study of kindling and synaptic reorganization.
Mesial temporal sclerosis: pathogenesis, diagnosis, and management.
Post-traumatic epilepsy: cellular mechanisms and implications for treatment.
Transient hyperprolactinemia is associated with a midcycle luteinizing hormone surge.
Local anesthesia for neonatal circumcisions: are family practice residents likely to use it?
Fulminant hepatitis after lisinopril administration.
Heterotopic liver transplantation for fulminant Wilson's disease.
Pain on common bile duct injection during ERCP: does it indicate sphincter of Oddi dysfunction?
Atrial fibrillation in the elderly: management update.
Serious migraine: a study of some epidemiological aspects.
Swimmer's migraine.
Platelet monoamine oxidase activity in female migraine patients.
A protocol for butalbital, aspirin and caffeine (BAC) detoxification in headache patients.
Thermographic findings in cranio-facial pain.
Dissociation between pain and autonomic disturbances in cluster headache.
A study of the seasonal variation of migraine.
Clinical characteristics of migraine and episodic tension-type headache in relation to old and new diagnostic criteria.
Fluctuation in timing of upper airway and chest wall inspiratory muscle activity in obstructive sleep apnea.
Effect of sleep and sleep deprivation on ventilatory response to bronchoconstriction.
Rat soleus muscle ultrastructure after hindlimb suspension.
Cardiovascular responses to arm cranking and FNS-induced leg exercise in paraplegics.
Results of treatment of displaced patellar fractures by partial patellectomy.
Comparison of a hybrid with an uncemented total hip replacement. A retrospective matched-pair study.
The patellofemoral joint after total knee arthroplasty without patellar resurfacing.
Intraoperative assessment of cerebral ischemia during carotid surgery.
Reappraisal of surgical treatment of traumatic transection of the thoracic aorta.
Clonal origin of pituitary adenomas.
Severe lidocaine intoxication by cutaneous absorption.
Traumatic asphyxia.
Mandibular osteomyelitis in a patient with sickle cell anemia: report of case.
Lip paresthesia associated with a jaw mass.
Plasma homocyst(e)ine levels in men with premature coronary artery disease.
Prolonged anginal perceptual threshold in diabetes: effects on exercise capacity and myocardial ischemia.
The role of antihistamine therapy in vascular headaches.
Cognitive function testing in comprehensive geriatric assessment. A comparison of cognitive test performance in residential and clinic settings.
Reference values for the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) in octo- and nonagenarians
Foci of increased T2 signal intensity in MR images of healthy elderly subjects. A follow-up study.
Characteristics of an elderly driving population referred to a geriatric assessment center.
Bacterial meningitis in the United States, 1986: report of a multistate surveillance study. The Bacterial Meningitis Study Group.
Decline in the prevalence of childhood deafness in the Jewish population of Jerusalem: ethnic and genetic aspects.
Hoarseness as the sole presenting symptom of foramen magnum meningioma.
Compliance, reliability, and validity of self-monitoring for physical disturbances of Parkinson's disease. The Parkinson's Symptom Diary.
Articulatory impairment associated with tardive dyskinesia.
Untying the gordian knot: the genetics of Tourette syndrome.
Dexamethasone increases plasma levels of albendazole.
Herpes simplex virus type 2 meningitis without genital lesions: an immunoblot study.
Headaches and multiple sclerosis: a clinical study and review of the literature.
Fatal or severely disabling cerebral infarction during hospitalization for stroke or transient ischemic attack.
Unusual blink reflex with four components in a patient with periodic ataxia.
Treatment of chronic relapsing inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy by cyclosporin A and plasma exchange. A case report.
Alcohol-dependent unilateral vestibular impairment persisting after a closed head injury.
Questionable role of CNS radioprophylaxis in the therapeutic management of childhood rhabdomyosarcoma with meningeal extension.
Magnetic resonance imaging contrast agents: theory and application to the central nervous system.
Clinoidal meningiomas.
Characterization of periventricular edema in normal-pressure hydrocephalus by measurement of water proton relaxation times.
Systems analysis of cerebrovascular pressure transmission: an observational study in head-injured patients.
Massive increases in extracellular potassium and the indiscriminate release of glutamate following concussive brain injury.
Cerebrovascular and metabolic effects on the rat brain of focal Nd:YAG laser irradiation.
Long-term evaluation of hemiparkinsonian monkeys after adrenal autografting or cavitation alone.
Cerebral venous oxygen content as a measure of brain energy metabolism with increased intracranial pressure and hyperventilation.
Evidence of a local immune activation in cystic brain tumors.
Epithelial cyst of the fourth ventricle. Case report.
Recurrence of acoustic neurilemoma as a malignant spindle-cell neoplasm. Case report.
Toxoplasmosis of the conus medullaris in a patient with hemophilia A-associated AIDS. Case report.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage caused by a fungal aneurysm of the vertebral artery as a complication of intracranial aneurysm clipping. Case report.
Prevention of cardiovascular disease: risks and benefits of aspirin.
Speech, velopharyngeal function, and hearing before and after orthognathic surgery.
Very low birth weight children: behavior problems and school difficulty in a national sample
Serial magnetic resonance imaging in neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy.
Intrapartum, intranasal cocaine use and acute fetal distress. A case report.
Facial bone fracture associated with carotid-cavernous sinus fistula.
Alcoholic blackouts: legal implications.
Enveloping the bladder with displacement of flap of the rectus abdominis muscle for the treatment of neurogenic bladder.
Urinary retention due to sacral myeloradiculitis: a clinical and neurophysiological study.
Management of children with myelodysplasia: urological alternatives.
Reverse coitus: mechanism of urethral injury in male partner.
The effect of an alpha-2 agonist on bladder function and cord histology after spinal cord injury [retracted by Weiss R, Tomasula JJ, Sotologo JR Jr. In: J Urol 1991 Aug;146(2):426]
Diclofenac-associated hepatotoxicity
Parathyroid hormone-related peptide in lactation and in umbilical cord blood.
Randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of nimodipine in acute stroke. Trust Study Group.
National General Practice Study of Epilepsy: newly diagnosed epileptic seizures in a general population.
National General Practice Study of Epilepsy: recurrence after a first seizure
Cerebral malaria in children
Auditory-evoked responses in benign intracranial hypertension syndrome.
The efficacy of brainstem auditory evoked potentials in acoustic tumor surgery.
Circulatory and thermal adjustments to prolonged exercise in paraplegic women.
Coccidioidomycosis during human immunodeficiency virus infection. A review of 77 patients.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: clinical features in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Responses of intercostal muscle biopsies from normal subjects and patients with myasthenia gravis.
Sensitivity for detecting fibrillation potentials: a comparison between concentric and monopolar needle electrodes.
A review of techniques employed to estimate the number of motor units in a muscle.
Spatial dispersion of magnetic stimulation in peripheral nerves.
AAEM minimonograph #35: Clinical experience with transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Fibrillation potential amplitude and muscle atrophy following peripheral nerve injury.
Critical review of gangliosides and thyrotropin-releasing hormone in peripheral neuromuscular diseases.
The effect of low-dose warfarin on the risk of stroke in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation. The Boston Area Anticoagulation Trial for Atrial Fibrillation Investigators
Seizures and other neurologic sequelae of bacterial meningitis in children.
The sequelae of Haemophilus influenzae meningitis in school-age children.
Structure, expression and function of a schwannoma-derived growth factor.
Posterior interosseous nerve palsies.
Functional results of facial nerve suture after removal of acoustic neurinoma: analysis of 25 cases.
Extracranial repair of cerebrospinal fluid fistulas: technique and results in 37 patients.
Whither short-course chemotherapy for tuberculous meningitis?
Mild head injury classification.
Diffuse axonal injury: analysis of 100 patients with radiological signs.
Chronic Lyme disease with an expansive granulomatous lesion in the cerebellopontine angle.
Symptomatic pineal cyst: case report.
Clinical study of intracranial nongerminomatous germ cell tumors producing alpha-fetoprotein.
Vagal schwannoma associated with syncopal attacks and postural hypotension: a case report.
Occult vascular malformations of the optic chiasm: magnetic resonance imaging diagnosis and surgical laser resection.
Cyst of the choroid plexus in the lateral ventricle: case report and review of the literature.
Traumatic aneurysm of the superior cerebellar artery: case report and review of the literature.
Intradural herniation of a thoracic disc presenting as flaccid paraplegia: case report.
An unusual complication of silastic dural substitute: case report.
Epidermoid tumors of the 4th ventricle: report of seven cases.
Limited selective posterior rhizotomy for the treatment of spasticity secondary to infantile cerebral palsy: a preliminary report.
Xenon-enhanced computed tomographic measurement of cerebral blood flow in patients with chronic subdural hematomas.
Hypertension as a risk factor for epilepsy after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage and surgery.
Changes in intracochlear and intracanalicular nerves after acoustic neurinoma excision confirmed by magnetic resonance imaging.
Fractures of the clivus: classification and clinical features.
Clinicopathological experience with pineocytomas: report of five surgically treated cases.
Concurrent intradural and extradural meningiomas of the cervical spine.
Intradural spinal cord tumor presenting as a subarachnoid hemorrhage: magnetic resonance imaging diagnosis.
Myelopathy presenting decades after surgery for congenital cervical cutaneous lesions.
Paraplegia after a routine lumbar laminectomy: report of a rare complication and successful management.
Pituitary hemorrhage into a Rathke's cleft cyst
Mechanism of stroke in patients taking aspirin.
Aspiration in bilateral stroke patients.
Prolonged confusion following convulsions due to generalized nonconvulsive status epilepticus.
Verbal memory impairment correlates with hippocampal pyramidal cell density.
A case-control study of Alzheimer's disease in Australia.
The opposite pupil in herniation.
Spatiotemporal contrast sensitivity differs in normal aging and Parkinson's disease.
Cytokine accumulations in CSF of multiple sclerosis patients: frequent detection of interleukin-1 and tumor necrosis factor but not interleukin-6.
Catecholaminergic systems in the medulla oblongata in parkinsonian syndromes: a quantitative immunohistochemical study in Parkinson's disease, progressive supranuclear palsy, and striatonigral degeneration.
Anti-GM1 IgM antibodies in motor neuron disease and neuropathy.
Kearns-Sayre syndrome presenting as renal tubular acidosis.
Antibodies to synthetic peptide (125-148) of the alpha-subunit of human nicotinic acetylcholine receptor in sera from patients with myasthenia gravis.
Streptococcus bovis meningitis: report of 2 cases.
A comparison of regulatory cells in spinal fluid and blood in patients with multiple sclerosis and other neurologic diseases.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (L-tryptophan-associated neuromyopathy).
Visual disturbance in patients with melanocytoma of the optic disk.
Signs distinguishing spasmus nutans (with and without central nervous system lesions) from infantile nystagmus.
Late juvenile-onset Krabbe's disease.
Pharmacological versus non-pharmacological prophylaxis of recurrent migraine headache: a meta-analytic review of clinical trials.
Antinociception and cardiovascular responses produced by electrical stimulation in the nucleus tractus solitarius, nucleus reticularis ventralis, and the caudal medulla.
Clinical judgments in pain management.
Pain relief achieved by transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and/or vibratory stimulation in a case of painful legs and moving toes.
Heritability of symptoms in an experimental model of neuropathic pain.
Adrenal medullary implants in the rat spinal cord reduce nociception in a chronic pain model.
Interactions between substance P, calcitonin gene-related peptide, taurine and excitatory amino acids in the spinal cord.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Central nervous system tuberculosis in children: a review of 30 cases.
Acute pain relief.
Chronic pain.
Pain in children.
Confusion.
When epilepsy masquerades as heart disease. Awareness is key to avoiding misdiagnosis.
Steroids induce acetylcholine receptors on cultured human muscle: implications for myasthenia gravis.
Controlling stability of a complex movement system.
Interferon system and natural killer cell activity in myasthenia gravis.
Haemostatic changes in the loin pain and haematuria syndrome: secondary to renal vasospasm?
Tropical neuromyelopathies and retroviruses: a review.
Tamoxifen therapy for painful idiopathic gynecomastia.
Normeperidine-induced seizures in hereditary coproporphyria.
Postural hypotension: pressor effect of octreotide not mediated by norepinephrine.
Synchronous Hodgkin's disease and myelofibrosis terminating with granulocytic sarcoma and acute megakaryocytic leukemia.
Persistent segmental cutaneous anesthesia after a brown recluse spider bite.
Neurologic abnormalities in a patient with human ehrlichiosis.
Stroke in systemic lupus erythematosus [published erratum appears in Stroke 1991 Mar;22(3):417]
Surgical experience with cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
Remote effect of deep-seated vascular brain lesions on cerebral blood flow.
Correlation of clinical and computed tomographic findings in stroke patients.
Effect of emitted power on waveform intensity in transcranial Doppler
Moderate hypothermia after cardiac arrest of 17 minutes in dogs. Effect on cerebral and cardiac outcome.
Progressing cerebral infarction in relation to plasma glucose in gerbils.
Embolic stroke after smoking "crack" cocaine.
Progress report of the Stroke Prevention in Atrial Fibrillation Study.
Growth factor expression after stroke.
Genetics of cerebrovascular disease.
Molecular biology of atherothrombotic brain infarction.
Modification of stroke susceptibility by genotype-dependent maternal influences.
Pharmacology of recovery after stroke.
Multilevel transneuronal degeneration after brain damage. Behavioral events and effects of anticonvulsant gamma-aminobutyric acid-related drugs.
Influence of amphetamine treatment on somatosensory function of the normal and infarcted rat brain.
Effects of MK-801 on recovery from sensorimotor cortex lesions.
Ionic channels, cholinergic mechanisms, and recovery of sensorimotor function after neocortical infarcts in rats.
Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrates that electric stimulation of cerebellar fastigial nucleus reduces cerebral infarction in rats.
Symptomatic carotid endarterectomy trials.
The pathophysiology of anoxic injury in central nervous system white matter.
Putative neuroexcitation in cerebral ischemia and brain injury.
Platelet-activating factor. A putative mediator in central nervous system injury?
Bacteremia in an ambulatory setting. Improved outcome in children treated with antibiotics.
Physical features of Prader-Willi syndrome in neonates.
Replication patterns of the fragile X in heterozygous carriers: analysis by a BrdUrd antibody method.
Serum aldolase isozyme levels in patients with cerebrovascular diseases.
The "stuck twin" phenomenon: ultrasonographic findings, pregnancy outcome, and management with serial amniocenteses.
Pregnancy in a patient with treated Wilson's disease: a case report.
Prenatal diagnosis of fetal intracranial calcifications.
Practical aspects of pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone administration.
Orbital intramuscular schwannoma.
South American blastomycosis: ophthalmic and oculomotor nerve lesions.
Attenuation of suxamethonium myalgias. Effect of midazolam and vecuronium.
Spinal catheter anaesthesia for caesarean section in a patient with spina bifida.
The Woolley and Roe case. A reassessment.
Autonomic dysfunction and Guillain-Barre syndrome. The use of esmolol in its management.
Loss of consciousness after emergence from anaesthesia. A case of suspected micturition syncope.
An evaluation of a 30-gauge needle for spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section.
Intrathecal anaesthesia for day-care surgery. A retrospective study of 160 cases using 25- and 26-gauge spinal needles.
Relief of injection pain in adults. EMLA cream for 5 minutes before venepuncture.
Resistance to atracurium-induced neuromuscular blockade in patients with intractable seizure disorders treated with anticonvulsants.
Infection during chronic epidural catheterization: diagnosis and treatment.
Differential effect of oncotic pressure on cerebral and extracerebral water content during cardiopulmonary bypass in rabbits.
Buffered versus plain lidocaine as a local anesthetic for simple laceration repair.
Neurologic complications of cocaine abuse.
Occipital condyle fracture presenting as retropharyngeal hematoma.
Erythromycin failure with subsequent Pasteurella multocida meningitis and septic arthritis in a cat-bite victim.
Distinguishable types of dyspnea in patients with shortness of breath.
Carotid endarterectomy for elderly patients: predicting complications
Emergence of recreational drug abuse as a major risk factor for stroke in young adults
Improving outcomes of analgesic treatment: is education enough?
Clarifying confusion: the confusion assessment method. A new method for detection of delirium
Stroke in pediatric acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Myasthenic thymus and thymoma are selectively enriched in acetylcholine receptor-reactive T cells.
Auras and subclinical seizures: characteristics and prognostic significance.
Increased MEPP frequency as an early sign of experimental immune-mediated motoneuron disease.
Anoxic injury of mammalian central white matter: decreased susceptibility in myelin-deficient optic nerve.
Substantia nigra: a site of action of muscle relaxant drugs.
Polyneuropathy, ophthalmoplegia, leukoencephalopathy, and intestinal pseudo-obstruction: POLIP syndrome.
Major histocompatibility complex antigen expression in the affected tissues in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
IgM deposits at nodes of Ranvier in a patient with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, anti-GM1 antibodies, and multifocal motor conduction block.
Spinal cord compression with paraplegia in xanthomatosis due to normocholesterolemic sitosterolemia.
Ichthyosis, mental retardation, and asymptomatic spasticity. A new neurocutaneous syndrome with normal fatty alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase activity.
Ischaemic brain lesions diagnosed at birth in preterm infants: clinical events and developmental outcome.
Area of lateral ventricles measured on cranial ultrasonography in preterm infants: association with outcome.
Skin conductance and arousal in the newborn.
The acutely affected abdomen in paraplegic spinal cord injury patients.
Does carotid restenosis predict an increased risk of late symptoms, stroke, or death?
Choreoathetosis after deep hypothermia without circulatory arrest
Vagal schwannoma.
Role of perfusion pressure and flow in major organ dysfunction after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Misdiagnosis in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Syncope and presyncope associated with probable adverse drug reactions.
Epidemiologic features of asymptomatic cerebral infarction in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Acute autonomic neuropathy. Two cases and a clinical review.
Recurrent meningitis in a patient with congenital deficiency of the C9 component of complement. First case of C9 deficiency in Europe.
Gilles de la Tourette syndrome is not linked to D2-dopamine receptor.
Quantitative evaluation of sway as an indicator of functional balance in post-traumatic brain injury.
Asymptomatic ulnar neuropathy in carpal tunnel syndrome.
Postoperative complications in patients with disabling psychiatric illnesses or intellectual handicaps. A case-controlled, retrospective analysis.
The influence of hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus on immediate and 3-month morbidity and mortality after acute stroke.
Screening for early dementia using memory complaints from patients and relatives.
Cerebrospinal fluid as a reflector of central cholinergic and amino acid neurotransmitter activity in cerebellar ataxia.
Asthma and eczema in children born to women with migraine.
Temporoparietal cortex in aphasia. Evidence from positron emission tomography.
Unusual cerebral manifestations in hereditary fructose intolerance.
Nontropical pyomyositis as a cause of subacute, multifocal myalgia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Neurodevelopmental outcome of children with evidence of periventricular leukomalacia on late MRI.
Rett syndrome: cerebellar pathology.
Recurrent lateral rectus palsy in childhood.
Ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging in Leigh disease.
Rett syndrome: findings suggesting axonopathy and mitochondrial abnormalities.
West syndrome associated with hyperlexia.
Flow cytometric DNA content of adenoid cystic carcinoma of submandibular gland. Correlation of histologic features and prognosis.
The use of obstetric analgesia in Sweden 1983-1986
Choroid plexus cysts and chromosomal defects
Neurologic complications in chronic renal failure: a retrospective study.
Evaluation and treatment of mental disorders in patients with AIDS.
Schindler disease: the molecular lesion in the alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase gene that causes an infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy.
Effect of normal MSAFP screening on maternal age for genetic amniocentesis.
Acupuncture and chronic pain: a criteria-based meta-analysis.
The role of carotid screening before coronary artery bypass.
A single cholesterol measurement underestimates the risk of coronary heart disease. An empirical example from the Lipid Research Clinics Mortality Follow-up Study.
Acute syphilitic posterior placoid chorioretinitis.
Repetitive strain injuries. How to deal with 'the epidemic of the 1990s'.
Treating systemic fungal infections in AIDS patients. Prolonging life against the odds.
Rigid fixation of internal orbital fractures.
Early cerebral infarction: gadopentetate dimeglumine enhancement
Embolization with particles in thoracic intramedullary arteriovenous malformations: long-term angiographic and clinical results.
Graves orbitopathy: correlation of CT and clinical findings.
Neuromuscular diseases: evaluation with high-frequency sonography.
Emergency portosystemic shunt in patients with variceal bleeding.
Vancomycin pharmacokinetics in hydrocephalic shunt prophylaxis and relationship to ventricular volume.
Cerebral blood flow velocities in the anterior cerebral arteries and basilar artery in hydrocephalus before and after treatment.
Brain stem tuberculoma in adult patients: diagnosis and treatment.
Cerebral hemodynamics in patients with normal pressure hydrocephalus: correlation between cerebral circulation time and dementia.
Aqueductal (pencil) glioma presenting as neurogenic pulmonary edema: a case report.
Metoprolol for aggressive behavior in persons with mental retardation.
Concomitant neurocysticercosis and brucellosis.
The deja vu experience: remembrance of things past?
Brainstem auditory evoked response and subcortical abnormalities in autism.
The UCLA-University of Utah epidemiologic survey of autism: the etiologic role of rare diseases.
Pharmacologic treatment of noncognitive behavioral disturbances in elderly demented patients.
Steroid anabolic drugs and arterial complications in an athlete--a case history.
Type I hypersensitivity to rubber.
Cystocerebral syndrome. Acute urinary retention presenting as confusion in elderly patients.
Rapid eye movement sleep deprivation as a probe in elderly subjects.
Altered waveform of plasma nocturnal melatonin secretion in premenstrual depression.
A study of immunoglobulin G in the cerebrospinal fluid of 1007 patients with suspected neurological disease using isoelectric focusing and the Log IgG-Index. A comparison and diagnostic applications.
Congenital myasthenia associated with facial malformations in Iraqi and Iranian Jews. A new genetic syndrome.
Myelopathy associated with human T cell lymphotropic virus type I (HTLV-I) in natal, South Africa. A clinical and investigative study in 24 patients.
Heterogeneity in progressive aphasia due to focal cortical atrophy. A clinical and PET study.
Developmental dysmnesia in a poor reader.
Familial paroxysmal kinesigenic ataxia and continuous myokymia.
The comportmental learning disabilities of early frontal lobe damage.
Cerebral blood flow in progressive aphasia without dementia. Case report, using 133xenon inhalation, technetium 99m hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime and single photon emission computerized tomography.
The anatomical basis of the caecocentral scotoma. New observations and a review.
The distribution of muscle weakness in upper motoneuron lesions affecting the lower limb.
Innervation territories for touch and pain afferents of single fascicles of the human ulnar nerve. Mapping through intraneural microrecording and microstimulation.
Volume conduction of the parietal N20 potential to the prerolandic frontal area.
Selective spatial attention in patients with visual extinction.
Osseointegration of titanium implants in total hip arthroplasty.
Intraoperative dexamethasone irrigation in lumbar microdiskectomy.
Continuous removal of middle molecules by hemofiltration in patients with acute liver failure.
A limited diagnostic investigation for obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. Oximetry and static charge sensitive bed.
Systemic hypertension in sleep apnea syndrome. Relationship with sleep architecture and breathing abnormalities.
Clinical dysautonomia in patients with bronchial asthma. Study with seven autonomic function tests.
Maxillofacial surgery and nasal CPAP. A comparison of treatment for obstructive sleep apnea syndrome
Lack of change in neurochemical markers during the postepileptic phase of intrahippocampal tetanus toxin syndrome in rats.
Some endorphin derivatives and hydrocortisone prevent EEG limbic seizures induced by corticotropin-releasing factor in rabbits.
Neonatal monosodium glutamate abolishes corticotropin-releasing factor-induced epileptogenic activity in rats.
Triiodothyronine and brain excitability.
Epidemiology of epilepsy in Guaymi Indians from Bocas del Toro Province, Republic of Panama.
Electrocorticographic confirmation of focal positron emission tomographic abnormalities in children with intractable epilepsy.
Lateralized effects of subclinical epileptiform EEG discharges on scholastic performance in children.
Topographic comparative study of magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography in 34 children with tuberous sclerosis.
Landau-Kleffner syndrome: a clinical and EEG study of five cases.
Landau-Kleffner syndrome: a pharmacologic study of five cases.
Cerebral glucose utilization during sleep in Landau-Kleffner syndrome: a PET study.
Gastrointestinal motor dysfunction in acquired selective cholinergic dysautonomia associated with infectious mononucleosis.
Silent cerebrovascular disease in the elderly. Correlation with ambulatory pressure.
Effect of age on the efficacy of blood pressure treatment strategies.
Glucocorticoid-induced muscle atrophy prevention by exercise in fast-twitch fibers.
Failed acromioplasty for impingement syndrome.
Effect of the topical anesthetic EMLA on the efficacy of pulsed dye laser treatment of port-wine stains.
Disturbance in daily sleep/wake patterns in patients with cognitive impairment and decreased daily activity.
What practicing physicians in North Carolina rate as their most challenging geriatric medicine concerns.
Delirium: masquerades and misdiagnosis in elderly inpatients.
Primary intratemporal tumours of the facial nerve: diagnosis and treatment.
Parapharyngeal abscess and torticollis.
Outcome of pregnancies experienced during residency.
Immunopathology and viral reactivation. A general theory of schizophrenia.
Multiple muscle enzyme release with psychiatric illness.
Infarction in the territory of the medial branch of the posterior inferior cerebellar artery.
Transcranial electrical motor evoked potentials as a prognostic indicator for motor recovery in stroke patients.
Parkinsonian tremor loses its alternating aspect during non-REM sleep and is inhibited by REM sleep.
The effects of cyproheptadine on locomotion and on spasticity in patients with spinal cord injuries.
Motor unit discharge characteristics and short term synchrony in paraplegic humans.
Magnetic and electrical stimulation of cervical motor roots: technique, site and mechanisms of excitation.
Eosinophilic meningitis: cause of a chronic pain syndrome.
Rigid spine syndrome with respiratory failure.
Learning a unimanual motor skill by partial commissurotomy patients.
Involvement of the central nervous system in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy: a clinical, electrophysiological and magnetic resonance imaging study.
Hip pain in late pregnancy.
Non-vesicular release of glutamate from glial cells by reversed electrogenic glutamate uptake.
Long-term potentiation of electrotonic coupling at mixed synapses.
Indications for thymectomy in myasthenia gravis.
Phenotypic heterogeneity of spinal muscular atrophy mapping to chromosome 5q11.2-13.3 (SMA 5q).
Routine and quantitative EEG analysis in Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome.
Internuclear ophthalmoplegia in the Chiari type II malformation.
Sensory visual testing in idiopathic intracranial hypertension: measures sensitive to change.
Deteriorating ischemic stroke: risk factors and prognosis.
Infantile CNS spongy degeneration--14 cases: clinical update.
Dominantly inherited apathy, central hypoventilation, and Parkinson's syndrome: clinical, biochemical, and neuropathologic studies of 2 new cases.
Sensorineural hearing loss: a reversible effect of valproic acid.
Large cystic optic glioma.
Study of verbal description in neuropathic pain.
Quantification of biomedical findings of chronic pain patients: development of an index of pathology.
Is emotional disturbance a precipitator or a consequence of chronic pain?
Epidural haematoma requiring surgical decompression following repeated cervical epidural steroid injections for chronic pain.
Quantitative evaluation of hypnotically suggested hyperaesthesia and analgesia by painful laser stimulation.
Cytoreductive hepatic surgery for neuroendocrine tumors.
Pharyngeal shape and dimensions in healthy subjects, snorers, and patients with obstructive sleep apnoea.
Role of serum prolactin determination in evaluation of impotent patient.
Retrograde transurethral balloon dilation of prostate: innovative management of abacterial chronic prostatitis and prostatodynia.
Protecting the vasculature: an eye toward the future.
Anisocoria in the pigmentary dispersion syndrome
Laser placement in noncontact Nd:YAG cyclophotocoagulation.
Antinociceptive interaction between opioids and medetomidine: systemic additivity and spinal synergy.
Calcium antagonists in the management of patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a review.
Sudden blindness after thermocoagulation of the trigeminal ganglion.
Short stature, mental retardation, and hypoparathyroidism: a new syndrome.
Survey of adolescents with severe intellectual handicap.
Continuous papaveretum infusion for the control of pain in painful sickling crisis.
Benign intracranial hypertension after ciprofloxacin administration.
Endocrine function and morphological findings in patients with disorders of the hypothalamo-pituitary area: a study with magnetic resonance.
Central nervous system vasculitis after chickenpox--cause or coincidence?
Pneumocephalus secondary to a high-pressure water injury to the nose.
Quantitative assessment of extradural bupivacaine analgesia.
Onset phase of spinal bupivacaine analgesia assessed quantitatively by laser stimulation.
Are myotonias and periodic paralyses associated with susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia?
7th nerve palsy after extradural blood patch.
Bladder function in the mentally retarded.
Lens opacity as a predictor of visual field impairment due to cataract.
Choroid plexus tumors in the breast cancer-sarcoma syndrome.
Codeine increases pain thresholds to copper vapor laser stimuli in extensive but not poor metabolizers of sparteine.
Effects of a multidisciplinary management program on neurologically impaired patients with dysphagia.
Changes in thermal and mechanical pain thresholds in hand amputees. A clinical and physiological long-term follow-up.
Recurrent pain, illness intrusiveness, and quality of life in end-stage renal disease.
Health locus of control, gender differences and adjustment to persistent pain.
Neonatal facial and cry responses to invasive and non-invasive procedures.
Treatment of reflex sympathetic dystrophy with topical capsaicin. Case report.
Receptor changes in the spinal cord of sheep associated with exposure to chronic pain.
Characterization of descending inhibition and facilitation from the nuclei reticularis gigantocellularis and gigantocellularis pars alpha in the rat.
Transcranial electrical stimulation with high frequency intermittent current (Limoge's) potentiates opiate-induced analgesia: blind studies.
Induction, blockade and restoration of a persistent hypersensitive state.
The influence of warning signal timing and cognitive preparation on the aversiveness of electric shock.
Efficacy of methylphenidate among mentally retarded children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Quantifying language development from birth to 3 years using the Early Language Milestone Scale.
Unilateral hydrocephalus in adults.
Cerebrospinal fluid endothelin-1 and endothelin-3 levels in normal and neurosurgical patients: a clinical study and literature review.
Familial trigeminal neuralgia and Charcot-Marie-Tooth neuropathy. Report of two families and review.
Reversal of chronic hepatic encephalopathy by colonic exclusion: poor correlation with blood GABA levels.
Surgical correction of the snapping iliopsoas tendon.
Anteromedial tibial tubercle transfer without bone graft.
Arterial abnormalities of the hand in athletes.
Community hospital carotid endarterectomy in patients over age 75.
Alkalinisation of prilocaine for intravenous regional anaesthesia. Suitability for clinical use.
pH-adjustment and discomfort caused by the intradermal injection of lignocaine [published erratum appears in Anaesthesia 1991 Mar;46(3):242]
Nasal and oral flow-volume loops in normal subjects and patients with obstructive sleep apnea.
The South Karelia Air Pollution Study. The effects of malodorous sulfur compounds from pulp mills on respiratory and other symptoms.
Brain microemboli during cardiac surgery or aortography
Synaptic transmission in human neocortex removed for treatment of intractable epilepsy in children.
Treatment of spasticity with botulinum toxin: a double-blind study.
Peripheral neuropathy associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Adult phosphorylase b kinase deficiency.
NMDA antagonists potentiate antiparkinsonian actions of L-dopa in monoamine-depleted rats.
Cerebrospinal fluid neopterin in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection.
Alpha 1-antichymotrypsin as a possible biochemical marker for Alzheimer-type dementia.
Failure of nine-month phenobarbital administration to reverse amygdaloid-kindled seizure susceptibility in cats.
Aggravation of myasthenia gravis by erythromycin.
Familial Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease without periodic EEG activity.
Fetal homotransplants (ventral mesencephalon and adrenal tissue) to the striatum of parkinsonian subjects.
Autologous transplantation of adrenal medulla in Parkinson's disease. 18-month results.
White matter hyperintensities in dementia of Alzheimer's type and in healthy subjects without cerebrovascular risk factors. A magnetic resonance imaging study.
Clinical and positron emission tomographic studies in the 'extrapyramidal syndrome' of dementia of the Alzheimer type.
Acquired childhood aphasia. Outcome 1 year after onset.
Primary progressive aphasia. Longitudinal course, neuropsychological profile, and language features.
Plasticity in the aging brain. Reversibility of anatomic, metabolic, and cognitive deficits in normal-pressure hydrocephalus following shunt surgery.
Effects of physostigmine on spatial attention in patients with progressive supranuclear palsy.
Cumulative AIDS incidence and altered mortality from bacterial infections.
Safety, stability, and effectiveness of immunoadsorption under membrane plasmapheresis treatment for myasthenia gravis.
An extracorporeal perfusion system to bridge pediatric liver transplant candidates.
Aids for visual impairment.
Gallbladder surgery following cholecystlithotripsy: suggested guidelines for treatment
Cerebrospinal norepinephrine concentrations and the duration of epidural analgesia
Crico-tracheal disruption and common carotid artery occlusion: a case of blunt trauma.
From disease to delirium: managing the declining elderly patient.
Evidence for motor neuropathy and reduced filling of the rectum in chronic intractable constipation.
Phenotypic and functional characterization of T cells from patients with myasthenia gravis.
Causes of death in the elderly and their changing pattern in Hisayama, a Japanese community. Results from a long-term and autopsy-based study.
Sphenoid sinusitis, a cause of debilitating headache.
Blepharospasm-oromandibular dystonia associated with a left cerebellopontine angle meningioma.
Reliability of death certificate diagnoses.
Sensitivity of effect variables in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of 130 placebo controlled NSAID trials [published erratum appears in J Clin Epidemiol 1991;44(6):613]
Examination by logistic regression modelling of the variables which increase the relative risk of elderly women falling compared to elderly men.
Restricted dose and duration of corticosteroid treatment in patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and temporal arteritis.
Psychological stress and the fibrositis/fibromyalgia syndrome.
Diagnostic criteria for neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: the results of a consensus meeting. The Ad Hoc Neuropsychiatric Lupus Workshop Group.
Severe cerebral and systemic necrotizing vasculitis developing during pregnancy in a case of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Gynecologic cancer in patients with subacute cerebellar degeneration predicted by anti-Purkinje cell antibodies and limited in metastatic volume.
Selected neurologic complications of pregnancy.
Quinine-induced disseminated intravascular coagulation.
The effect of epilepsy or diabetes mellitus on the risk of automobile accidents
Imaging the fetal brain in the second and third trimesters using transvaginal sonography.
Botulinum treatment of childhood strabismus.
Bicarbonate-buffered lidocaine-epinephrine-hyaluronidase for eyelid anesthesia.
Optic nerve sheath meningoceles. Clinical and radiographic features in 13 cases with a review of the literature
Long-term visual outcome in patients with optic nerve pit and serous retinal detachment of the macula
The risk for systemic vascular diseases and mortality in patients with central retinal vein occlusion.
Strategies underlying the control of disordered movement.
A new challenge--robotics in the rehabilitation of the neurologically motor impaired.
Brain potentials associated with movement in traumatic brain injury.
Movement disorders--limb movement and the basal ganglia.
Three-dimensional reconstructed MR imaging of the inner ear.
Neuroophthalmologic effects of intravenous magnesium sulfate.
Oral contraception in disease states.
Treatment of patients with aortic dissection presenting with peripheral vascular complications.
Return to work for persons with traumatic brain injury: a supported employment approach.
Functional evaluation of quadriplegic patients using a hand neuroprosthesis.
Impaired awareness of behavioral limitations after traumatic brain injury.
Maximal exercise testing of mentally retarded adolescents and adults: reliability study.
Recovery from vegetative state of six months' duration associated with Sinemet (levodopa/carbidopa).
Threshold perimetry in tilted disc syndrome.
Familial trigeminal anesthesia.
Tumor necrosis factor and severe malaria.
Tumor-associated neurological dysfunction prevented by lazaroids in rats.
Enhanced in vitro uptake and retention of 3H-tetraphenylphosphonium by nervous system tumor cells.
Epidermoid cysts of the brain stem. Report of three cases.
Pseudopsammomatous meningioma with elevated serum carcinoembryonic antigen: a true secretory meningioma. Case report.
Tension pneumocephalus: treatment with controlled decompression via a closed water-seal drainage system. Case report.
Risks factors for cerebral infarction in good-grade patients after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage and surgery: a prospective study.
Cerebrospinal fluid rhinorrhea following acoustic neurinoma surgery. Technical note.
The effect of glucose administration on carbohydrate metabolism after head injury.
Shunt surgery for hydrocephalus in tuberculous meningitis: a long-term follow-up study.
Management of meralgia paresthetica
Long-term effects of nimodipine on cerebral infarcts and outcome after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage and surgery.
Effects of tromethamine and hyperventilation on brain injury in the cat.
Post-traumatic intracerebral pneumatocele: case report.
Fracture-dislocation of the base of the fifth metacarpal with an ulnar motor nerve lesion: case report.
Otolaryngologic management of patients with subdural empyema.
Magnetic resonance imaging of facial nerve neuromas.
Sternocleidomastoid muscle transfer and superficial musculoaponeurotic system plication in the prevention of Frey's syndrome
Neurotologic findings in basilar migraine.
Headache. Public health problem.
The classification and diagnosis of headache disorders.
Basic mechanisms in vascular headache.
The concept of migraine as a state of central neuronal hyperexcitability.
Developments in 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor pharmacology in migraine.
Manifestations of migraine.
Modern pharmacotherapy of migraine.
Advances in cluster headache.
Drug-induced headache.
Oromandibular disorders and headache. A critical appraisal.
Headache and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Psychologic and behavioral aspects of chronic headache.
Development of a traumatic intracranial hematoma after a "minor" head injury.
Experimental intracerebral hemorrhage: early removal of a spontaneous mass lesion improves late outcome.
The Children's Orientation and Amnesia Test: relationship to severity of acute head injury and to recovery of memory.
Surgical decompression without transposition for ulnar neuropathy: factors determining outcome.
Hemorrhagic pituitary adenomas: clinicopathological features and surgical treatment.
The association of hydrocephalus with intramedullary spinal cord tumors: a series of 25 patients.
Antimigraine treatment for slit ventricle syndrome.
Meningiomas involving the clivus: a six-year experience with 41 patients.
Entrapment neuropathy of the median nerve at the level of the ligament of Struthers.
Spinal hemangioblastoma, syrinx, and hydrocephalus in a two-year-old child.
An intracranial mass lesion in systemic xanthogranulomatosis: case report.
Fine surface structure of an intraspinal neurenteric cyst: a scanning and transmission electron microscopy study.
Syringomyelia secondary to compression of the cervical spinal cord by an extramedullary lymphoma.
Stridor: intracranial pathology causing postextubation vocal cord paralysis.
Relationship between duration of spinal cord ischemia and postoperative neurologic deficits in animals.
Urologic function after experimental cauda equina compression. Cystometrograms versus cortical-evoked potentials.
Delayed anterior decompression in patients with spinal cord and cauda equina injuries of the thoracolumbar spine.
Blood flow direction in the lumbar nerve root.
Therapy of diseased stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats with nimodipine.
Preventing stroke by the modification of risk factors.
Cytosolic free calcium during focal cerebral ischemia and the effects of nimodipine on calcium and histologic damage.
Effect of nimodipine on acute ischemic stroke. Pooled results from five randomized trials.
Effects of nimodipine on infarct size and cerebral acidosis after middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat.
Effects of dietary calcium on nimodipine-sensitive calcium channel function in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Tardive dyskinesia.
Cerebellar syndrome caused by isoniazid.
Excipients in valproic acid syrup may cause diarrhea: a case report.
The relationship between viral RNA, myelin-specific mRNAs, and demyelination in central nervous system disease during Theiler's virus infection.
Sleep disturbances in survivors of the Nazi Holocaust.
Use of neuroleptic-induced extrapyramidal symptoms to predict future vulnerability to side effects.
Acute phase reactants and risk of bacterial meningitis among febrile infants and children.
Emergency department approach to managing seizures in pregnancy.
Large-scale neurocognitive networks and distributed processing for attention, language, and memory.
Impairment of sequences of memory-guided saccades after supplementary motor area lesions.
Brain pH in head injury: an image-guided 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy study.
Respiratory failure and unilateral caudal brainstem infarction.
Magnetic motor-evoked potentials in epilepsy: effects of the disease and of anticonvulsant medication.
Isolation of a complementary DNA clone encoding an autoantigen recognized by an anti-neuronal cell antibody from a patient with paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration.
A follow-up study of intractable seizures in childhood.
Stiff-man syndrome: a GABAergic autoimmune disorder with autoantigenic heterogeneity.
Relationship of clinical features with psychological status in primary fibromyalgia.
Septic arthritis of the C1-C2 lateral facet joint and torticollis: pseudo-Grisel's syndrome.
Sleep disturbances in HIV-infected homosexual men.
New angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors. Their role in the management of hypertension.
Brain death and organ donation in a neurosurgical unit: audit of recent practice
The appearance of the piriformis muscle syndrome in computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. A case report and review of the literature.
Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema complicating massive diltiazem overdose.
Visceral perception in health and functional dyspepsia. Crossover study of gastric distension with placebo and domperidone.
Bowel dysfunction in fibromyalgia syndrome.
Treatment of fulminant hepatic failure with insulin and glucagon. A randomized, controlled trial.
Analgesic use: a study of treatments used by patients for migraine prior to attending the City of London Migraine Clinic.
Vasospasm contributes to monosodium glutamate-induced headache.
Alteration of platelet serotonin in patients with chronic tension-type headache during cold pressor test.
The blink reflex in cluster headache.
Assessment and treatment of children's headaches from a developmental perspective.
Health status in patients with tension headache treated with acupuncture or physiotherapy.
Nocturnal sleep recording with cassette EEG in chronic headaches.
Contingent Negative Variation in migraine.
Centrifugal intensity and duration as countermeasures to soleus muscle atrophy.
Effects of carotid denervation and decerebration on ventilatory response to CO.
The association of carotid artery stenosis with carotid sinus hypersensitivity. Transitory cerebral ischaemic attack provoked by carotid sinus reflex
Elevated serum concentrations of IgE antibodies to environmental antigens in HIV-seropositive male homosexuals.
Florid refractory schizophrenias that turn out to be treatable variants of HLA-associated narcolepsy.
The long-distance effects of brain lesions: visualization of myelinated pathways in the human brain using polarizing and fluorescence microscopy.
The neuromuscular pathology of the Eosinophilia-Myalgia syndrome.
Magnetic resonance imaging and tomographic evaluation of occlusal appliance treatment for advanced internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint.
Neurotoxic action of veratridine in rat brain neuronal cultures: mechanism of neuroprotection by Ca++ antagonists nonselective for slow Ca++ channels.
The cholecystokinin receptor antagonist devazepide enhances morphine-induced analgesia but not morphine-induced respiratory depression in the squirrel monkey.
Central adenosinergic system involvement in ethanol-induced motor incoordination in mice.
Interactions between N-methyl-D-aspartate and CGS 19755 administered intramuscularly and intracerebroventricularly in pigeons.
Mechanical restraint use among residents of skilled nursing facilities. Prevalence, patterns, and predictors
The J-curve phenomenon and the treatment of hypertension. Is there a point beyond which pressure reduction is dangerous?
Response to treatment with antihistamines in a family with myotonia congenita.
Nd:YAG-laser in the microsurgery of frontobasal meningiomas.
Fulminating multiple sclerosis-like leukoencephalopathy revealing human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Transcranial Doppler in acute hemispheric brain infarction.
Serum and CSF levels of IL-2, sIL-2R, TNF-alpha, and IL-1 beta in chronic progressive multiple sclerosis: expected lack of clinical utility.
Neonatal subependymal giant cell astrocytoma associated with tuberous sclerosis: MRI, CT, and ultrasound correlation.
Absence of acetylcholine-induced current in epithelial cells from thymus glands and thymomas of myasthenia gravis patients.
"Pseudospasticity" in Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Suppression of carbamazepine-induced rash with prednisone.
Handcuff neuropathies
Brain and spinal cord hemorrhage in long-term survivors of malignant pediatric brain tumors: a possible late effect of therapy.
Myelopathic neurosarcoidosis: diagnostic value of enhanced MRI.
Mesencephalic cholinergic nuclei in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Cerebral atrophy in habitual cocaine abusers: a planimetric CT study.
Central nervous system involvement in Von Hippel-Lindau disease.
Migraine and vertebrobasilar ischemia.
Primary leptomeningeal lymphoma: report of 9 cases, diagnosis with immunocytochemical analysis, and review of the literature.
Dysgeusia, gustatory sweating, and crocodile tears syndrome induced by a cerebellopontine angle meningioma.
Cefotaxime and aminoglycoside treatment of meningitis caused by gram-negative enteric organisms.
Beneficial effects of x-irradiation on recovery of lesioned mammalian central nervous tissue.
Neuropathological changes in transgenic mice carrying copies of a transcriptionally activated Mos protooncogene [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 May 1;88(9):4060]
Structural alterations of nerve during cuff compression.
Cervical muscle myoelectric response to acute experimental sternocleidomastoid pain.
The neurologic workup in patients with cervical spine disorders.
Prognosticating study for cervical myelopathy using evoked spinal cord potentials.
Gunshot wounds to the cervical spine.
Natural history of progressive ischemic stroke in a population treated with heparin
Coagulation-fibrinolysis abnormalities in acute and chronic phases of cerebral thrombosis and embolism.
Diagnostic significance of flow separation within the carotid bifurcation demonstrated by digital subtraction angiography.
Cerebral blood flow and oxygen metabolism in patients with vascular dementia of the Binswanger type.
Denervation in hemiplegic muscles.
Rupture of atheromatous plaque as a cause of thrombotic occlusion of stenotic internal carotid artery.
Sensory ataxic hemiparesis in thalamic hemorrhage.
Pontine supranuclear facial palsy.
Syncope of unknown origin: clinical, noninvasive, and electrophysiologic determinants of arrhythmia induction and symptom recurrence during long-term follow-up.
An open trial of high-dosage antioxidants in early Parkinson's disease.
Lumbar puncture frequency and cerebrospinal fluid analysis in the neonate.
Cat-scratch disease. Acute encephalopathy and other neurologic manifestations.
Four chromosomal breakpoints and four new probes mark out a 10-cM region encompassing the fragile-X locus (FRAXA).
Identification of a highly polymorphic microsatellite VNTR within the argininosuccinate synthetase locus: exclusion of the dystonia gene on 9q32-34 as the cause of dopa-responsive dystonia in a large kindred.
A family study of Gilles de la Tourette syndrome.
Chromosome 15 uniparental disomy is not frequent in Angelman syndrome.
Pearson syndrome and mitochondrial encephalomyopathy in a patient with a deletion of mtDNA.
Surgical management of oculomotor nerve palsy
Neuropsychological deficits in fetal alcohol syndrome and fetal alcohol effects.
New approaches to research on the long-term consequences of prenatal exposure to alcohol.
Thymoma: results of 241 operated cases
Tracheoesophageal anastomosis for intractable aspiration pneumonia.
Acute rheumatic fever in West Virginia. Not just a disease of children.
Treatment of flexor tenosynovitis of the hand ('trigger finger') with corticosteroids. A prospective study of the response to local injection.
Spontaneous electromyographic potentials in chronic spinal cord injured patients: relation to spasticity and length of nerve.
Multimodality evoked potential testing in acute mild closed head injury.
Orthostatic hypotension after spinal cord injury: treatment with fludrocortisone and ergotamine.
Silent myocardial ischemia during rehabilitation for cerebrovascular disease.
Neuromuscular function in polio survivors at one-year follow-up [published erratum appears in Arch Phys Med Rehabil 1991 Mar;72(3):213]
Open depressed skull fracture missed on computed tomography: a case report.
Vertebrobasilar occlusion following minor trauma in an 8-year-old boy.
Cat-scratch disease: an unusual cause of combative behavior.
Sudden cervical pain: spontaneous cervical epidural hematoma.
Differential reading recovery in patients with severe to moderate closed head injury.
Motor-evoked potentials reflect spinal cord function in post-traumatic syringomyelia.
Spasticity in spinal cord injured persons: quantitative effects of baclofen and placebo treatments.
Spinal nerve stimulation in the diagnosis of lumbosacral radiculopathy.
Spinal anaesthesia in day-care surgery with a 26-gauge needle.
Unconsciousness associated with midazolam and erythromycin.
A study of cyproheptadine in the treatment of metastatic carcinoid tumor and the malignant carcinoid syndrome.
Radiosurgery of acoustic neurinomas.
Ontogenetic features of audiogenic seizure susceptibility induced in immature rats by noise.
Effects of discontinuation of phenytoin, carbamazepine, and valproate on concomitant antiepileptic medication.
Cognitive function and time-of-day variation in serum carbamazepine concentration in epileptic patients treated with monotherapy.
Immunologic aspects of carbamazepine treatment in epileptic patients.
Carbamazepine-induced antinuclear antibodies and systemic lupus erythematosus-like syndrome.
Effect of felbamate on plasma levels of carbamazepine and its metabolites.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial of progabide as add-on therapy in epileptic patients.
Development and reversal of contingent inefficacy and tolerance to the anticonvulsant effects of carbamazepine.
Kindling susceptibility and genetic seizure predisposition in inbred mice.
Changes of hippocampal glucose utilization subsequent to amygdaloid-kindled generalized seizures.
Panic disorder in seizure patients: a diagnostic pitfall.
Effect of epilepsy and sleep deprivation on the rate of benign epileptiform transients of sleep.
Dreams and epilepsy.
Epilepsy with continuous spike-waves during slow sleep and its treatment.
Postnatal epilepsy after EEG-confirmed neonatal seizures.
Photosensitive epilepsies and photoconvulsive responses in Arabs.
Sexual behavior of a sample of females with epilepsy.
Attitudes of major employers toward the employment of people with epilepsy: a 30-year study.
Antiepileptic drug monitoring at the epilepsy clinic: a prospective evaluation.
Effects of lactulose and lactitol on protein digestion and metabolism in conventional and germ free animal models: relevance of the results to their use in the treatment of portosystemic encephalopathy.
Posterior transfer of the adductors in children who have cerebral palsy. A long-term study.
Deformities of the hip in adults who have sickle-cell disease and had avascular necrosis in childhood. A natural history of fifty-two patients.
The relation of pain to depression among institutionalized aged.
Is gastric acid responsible for the pain in patients with essential dyspepsia?
Oestrogen and progesterone receptors in acoustic neuroma.
Uses and complications of uvulopalatopharyngoplasty.
Use of EMLA cream as an analgesic in the management of painful otitis externa.
Ulcerative colitis and giant cell arteritis associated with sensorineural deafness
The frequency, causes and timing of death within 30 days of a first stroke: the Oxfordshire Community Stroke Project.
The natural history of non-arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy.
Syndromes of transient amnesia: towards a classification. A study of 153 cases.
Effect of nicardipine on somatosensory evoked potentials in patients with acute cerebral infarction.
Platelet monoamine oxidase B activity in parkinsonian patients.
Changes in the basal dendrites of cortical pyramidal cells from alcoholic patients--a quantitative Golgi study.
Temporal movement control in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Specificity of affective and autonomic symptoms of depression in Parkinson's disease.
Neurophysiological observations on corticospinal projections to the upper limb in subjects with Rett syndrome.
Motor units in incomplete spinal cord injury: electrical activity, contractile properties and the effects of biofeedback.
Visual evoked potential monitoring of optic nerve function during surgery.
Determination of ventricular fluid outflow resistance in patients with ventriculomegaly.
Neuropsychological profile linked to low dopamine: in Alzheimer's disease, major depression, and Parkinson's disease.
A case of amnesia after excision of the septum pellucidum.
Stroke rehabilitation: Australian patient profile and functional outcome.
Status of cochlear implantation in children. American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Subcommittee on Cochlear implants.
Asymmetric growth of the lateral cerebral ventricle in infants with posthemorrhagic ventricular dilation.
Phenotypic variability in glutaric aciduria type I: Report of fourteen cases in five Canadian Indian kindreds.
The management of mid-face fractures with intracranial injury.
Multipiece tire rim injuries.
Multicenter trial of L-carnitine in maintenance hemodialysis patients. II. Clinical and biochemical effects.
Leukocyte alkaline phosphatase score in patients with cerebrovascular disease and in patients with primary and metastatic brain tumors.
Coronary bypass surgery: is the operation different today?
Feasibility of reversing benzodiazepine tolerance with flumazenil
Haemorrhagic shock encephalopathy and sudden infant death
The electrodiagnostic findings in polyneuropathies associated with IgM monoclonal gammopathies.
Carpal tunnel syndrome: correlations between pressure measurement and intraoperative electrophysiological nerve study.
Vector short-latency somatosensory-evoked potentials after median nerve stimulation.
Sick building syndrome.
Complications of lateral C1-2 puncture myelography.
Clinical value of magnetic resonance imaging for cervical myelopathy.
Motion analysis of the cervical spine in athetoid cerebral palsy. Extension-flexion motion.
Pathomechanism, pathogenesis, and results of treatment in cervical spondylotic myelopathy caused by dynamic canal stenosis.
Problems and solutions of pedicle screw plate fixation of lumbar spine.
Postoperative lumbar spinal instability occurring or progressing secondary to laminectomy.
Germ cell tumor of testis in a patient with von Hippel-Lindau disease.
The painful shoulder: Part I. Extrinsic disorders.
Utility of upright tilt-table testing in the evaluation and management of syncope of unknown origin
Diagnostic evaluation of syncope
Antiepileptic medication in pregnancy: late effects on the children's central nervous system development.
Tables for estimation of individual risks of fetal neural tube and ventral wall defects, incorporating prior probability, maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels, and ultrasonographic examination results.
Relationship of laparoscopic findings to self-report of pelvic pain.
Acute tolerance in morphine analgesia: continuous infusion and single injection in rats.
Effect of systemic medetomidine, an alpha 2 adrenoceptor agonist, on experimental pain in humans.
Snoring and sleep architecture.
Anton's syndrome in a patient with posttraumatic optic neuropathy and bifrontal contusions.
Pupil-sparing oculomotor nerve palsy due to midbrain infarction.
Initial therapy of patients with Wilson's disease with tetrathiomolybdate.
The influence of dialysate sodium and variable ultrafiltration on fluid balance during hemodialysis.
Cognitive and behavioural impairment among elderly people in institutions providing different levels of care.
Physiologic and psychobehavioral research in oncology.
Evolution of energy expenditure and nitrogen excretion in severe head-injured patients.
Noninvasive cerebral optical spectroscopy for monitoring cerebral oxygen delivery and hemodynamics.
Methodology of head-up tilt testing in patients with unexplained syncope
Lack of prognostic value of syncope in patients with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome
Superiority of transesophageal echocardiography in detecting cardiac source of embolism in patients with cerebral ischemia of uncertain etiology.
Clonotypic analysis of anti-acetylcholine receptor antibodies from experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis-sensitive Lewis rats and experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis-resistant Wistar Furth rats.
Elevated expression of the genes for transforming growth factor-beta 1 and type VI collagen in diffuse fasciitis associated with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Carbamazepine overdose: a prospective study of serum levels and toxicity.
Long-term follow-up of patients operated on for recurrent carotid stenosis.
Angiographic localization of spinal cord blood supply and its relationship to postoperative paraplegia.
A prospective randomized study of cerebrospinal fluid drainage to prevent paraplegia after high-risk surgery on the thoracoabdominal aorta.
Mesenteric blood flow in patients with diabetic neuropathy.
Driving and epilepsy. A review and reappraisal
Elderly men with histories of heavy drinking: correlates and consequences.
Diagnostic utility of lower extremity radiographs of young children with gait disturbance.
Individual differences in children's response to pain: role of temperament and parental characteristics.
Methsuximide for intractable childhood seizures.
Ehrlichiosis in children.
Sucrose as an analgesic for newborn infants.
Infantile systemic hyalinosis: newly recognized disorder of collagen?
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome: life-threatening complication of neuroleptic treatment in adolescents with affective disorder.
Cerebral infarction: early detection by means of contrast-enhanced cerebral arteries at MR imaging.
Cerebral venography with MR.
Marked cerebrospinal fluid void: indicator of successful shunt in patients with suspected normal-pressure hydrocephalus.
Characterization of "peak E," a novel amino acid associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Functional outcome measures in stroke rehabilitation.
Activation of coagulation in acute cardioembolic stroke.
Platelet volume, aggregation, and adenosine triphosphate release in cerebral thrombosis.
The role of neutrophils and platelets in a rabbit model of thromboembolic stroke.
Attenuated neuropathology by nilvadipine after middle cerebral artery occlusion in rats.
Hypertension, cigarette smoking, and the decline in stroke incidence in eastern Finland.
A novel treatment for ischemic intracranial hypertension in cats.
Cerebral infarction in patients with nephrotic syndrome.
Recurrent transient ischemic attacks and stroke in association with an internal carotid artery web
Neuroendocrine carcinoma of the ampulla of vater. A case of absence of somatostatin in a vasoactive intestinal polypeptide-, bombesin-, and cholecystokinin-producing tumor.
The bone marrow in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-related disease. Morphology and clinical correlation.
Persistence and remission of depressive symptoms in late life.
Olfactory identification deficits in HIV infection.
Cerebral palsy: why we must plan for survival.
Low-level lead exposure in the prenatal and early preschool periods: language development.
Amebic meningoencephalitis in a patient with AIDS caused by a newly recognized opportunistic pathogen. Leptomyxid ameba.
Glossopharyngeal neuralgia associated with cardiac syncope: long term treatment with permanent pacing and carbamazepine.
Salmeterol in nocturnal asthma: a double blind, placebo controlled trial of a long acting inhaled beta 2 agonist
Health care screening for people with mental handicap living in the community
Levels of the human hepatocyte growth factor in serum of patients with various liver diseases determined by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Drug induced refractory headache--clinical features and management.
Acetylsalicylic acid vs. metoprolol in migraine prophylaxis--a double-blind cross-over study.
The VER as a diagnostic marker for childhood abdominal migraine.
99mTc HM-PAO SPECT in pediatric migraine.
Cerebral vein thrombosis shown by MRI.
The cluster diathesis.
Cluster headache: the effect of low oxygen saturation
Relaxation training in school classes does not reduce headache complaints.
Recurrent tension headache in adolescents treated with self-help relaxation training and a muscle relaxant drug.
Pharmacokinetics of tiaprofenic acid after oral administration in fasting patients during and between migraine attacks.
Treatment of status migrainosus: the American experience.
Sumatriptan in acute migraine: pharmacology and review of world experience.
Atelectasis affects the rate of arterial desaturation during obstructive apnea.
Paratope- and framework-related cross-reactive idiotopes on anti-acetylcholine receptor antibodies.
Randomized comparison of ceftriaxone and cefotaxime in Lyme neuroborreliosis.
Ataxia in myxoedema: a neurophysiological reassessment.
Skin and epidural recording of spinal somatosensory evoked potentials following median nerve stimulation: correlation between the absence of spinal N13 and impaired pain sense.
The development of infratentorial atrophy in patients with idiopathic cerebellar ataxia of late onset: a CT study.
Impairment of vertical motion detection and downgaze palsy due to rostral midbrain infarction.
Fasciculations due to verapamil in a patient with neuropathy.
Epirubicin at two dose levels with prednisolone as treatment for advanced breast cancer: the results of a randomized trial.
Cerebral palsy and rhizotomy. A 3-year follow-up evaluation with gait analysis.
Acute subdural hematoma: morbidity, mortality, and operative timing.
Endoscopic ventricular fenestration using a "saline torch".
Intracranial arachnoid cysts in children. A comparison of the effects of fenestration and shunting.
An epithelial cyst in the cerebellopontine angle. Case report.
Spontaneous decompression of syringomyelia: magnetic resonance imaging findings. Case report.
Familial hemifacial spasm associated with arterial compression of the facial nerve. Case report.
Accessory arm--dysraphism or disparity? Case report.
Treatment of intractable arterial hemorrhage during stereotactic brain biopsy with thrombin. Report of three patients.
Carbon monoxide-induced delayed amnesia, delayed neuronal death and change in acetylcholine concentration in mice.
Meta-analysis of sulfasalazine in ankylosing spondylitis.
A self-administered hand symptom diagram for the diagnosis and epidemiologic study of carpal tunnel syndrome.
L-tryptophan induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan use.
Microangiopathy in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
An eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with an L-tryptophan containing product.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome in association with L-tryptophan ingestion.
L-tryptophan associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Acute urinary retention secondary to Herpes simplex meningitis.
Motor neuron disease (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis).
Tourette syndrome and other tic disorders. Diagnosis, pathophysiology, and treatment.
Predictors of morbidity and mortality in neonates with herpes simplex virus infections. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Collaborative Antiviral Study Group.
Pretreatment neuropsychological status and associated factors in children with primary brain tumors.
Brain retractor edema during induced hypotension: the effect of the rate of return of blood pressure.
Effects of repeated temporary clipping of the middle cerebral artery on pial arterial diameter, regional cerebral blood flow, and brain structure in cats.
Cerebral infarction and release of platelet thromboxane after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Effect of hydrocephalus on prostaglandins and thromboxane B2 in ventricular cerebrospinal fluid.
Observations on the pathophysiology of Nelson's syndrome: a report of three cases.
Occult, bilateral anterior sacral and intrasacral meningeal and perineurial cysts: case report and review of the literature.
Neurinoma in the cavernous sinus: report of two cases.
"Moustache" appearance in craniopharyngiomas: unique magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomographic findings of perifocal edema.
Delayed hearing loss after neurovascular decompression.
Immunoglobulins from animal models of motor neuron disease and from human amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients passively transfer physiological abnormalities to the neuromuscular junction.
Vascularized full-thickness parietal bone grafts in maxillofacial reconstruction: the role of the galea and superficial temporal vessels.
Botulinum A toxin for the treatment of adult-onset spasmodic torticollis.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome: consensus report of an ad hoc committee of the American Association for Hand Surgery on the definition of reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome.
Clinical features and natural history of von Hippel-Lindau disease
Spontaneous neurodegeneration in transgenic mice with mutant prion protein
T cell receptor peptide therapy triggers autoregulation of experimental encephalomyelitis.
Lyme disease: neurologic and ophthalmic manifestations.
Automatic rifle injuries: suicide by eight bullets. Report of an unusual case and a literature review.
Multidisciplinary baseline assessment of homosexual men with and without human immunodeficiency virus infection. III. Neurologic and neuropsychological findings.
Effect of vaginal delivery on the pelvic floor: a 5-year follow-up.
Extradural haematoma in the Irish Republic: an analysis of 82 cases with emphasis on 'delay'.
Congenital demyelinating motor and sensory neuropathy with focally folded myelin sheaths.
Symptomatic and essential rhythmic palatal myoclonus.
Experiential phenomena of temporal lobe epilepsy. Facts and hypotheses.
The role of diencephalic pathology in human memory disorder. Evidence from a penetrating paranasal brain injury.
Single unit analysis of the human ventral thalamic nuclear group. Activity correlated with movement.
Striatonigral degeneration. A clinicopathological study.
Spongiform encephalopathy transmitted experimentally from Creutzfeldt-Jakob and familial Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker diseases.
Percutaneous balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty in sickle cell anemia: a case report.
The TURP syndrome.
High incidence of cardiopulmonary complications associated with implantation of adrenal medullary tissue into the caudate nucleus in patients with advanced neurologic disease.
Hemodynamic effects of nasal CPAP examined by Doppler echocardiography.
Respiratory muscle strength and control of ventilation in patients with neuromuscular disease.
Effect of ethanol on the efficacy of nasal continuous positive airway pressure as a treatment for obstructive sleep apnea.
Acute pulmonary embolism triggered by the act of defecation.
Effect of cardiac output reduction on rate of desaturation in obstructive apnea.
Hyperprolactinemia increases and hypoprolactinemia decreases tyrosine hydroxylase messenger ribonucleic acid levels in the arcuate nuclei, but not the substantia nigra or zona incerta.
Humor, aggression, and aging.
Pathogenesis and pathophysiology of meningitis.
Approach to diagnosis of meningitis. Cerebrospinal fluid evaluation.
The acute aseptic meningitis syndrome.
Bacterial meningitis in neonates and children.
Bacterial meningitis in adults.
General principles of therapy of pyogenic meningitis.
Meningitis in the neurosurgical patient.
Spirochetal infection of the central nervous system.
Persistent neutrophilic meningitis.
Tuberculous meningitis.
Fungal meningitis.
Meningitis due to protozoa and helminths.
Chronic pain in primary care. Identification and management of psychosocial factors.
A multicentre follow-up study of 1152 patients with myasthenia gravis in Italy.
Motor dysfunction in HIV-infected patients without clinically detectable central-nervous deficit.
Oculo-bulbar myasthenic symptoms as the sole sign of tumour involving or compressing the brain stem.
Fluctuations of interictal brain imaging in repeated 123I-IMP SPECT scans in an epileptic patient.
Primary intracerebral sarcoma in childhood: case report with electron-microscope study.
Aberrant regeneration in a case of syringobulbia: selective co-activation of abducens and facial nerves during saccades.
Familial eating epilepsy.
Transient ischaemic attacks and small-vessel disease. Dutch TIA Study Group
The role of conditioning and verbal expectancy in the placebo response.
The robustness of an empirically derived taxonomy of chronic pain patients.
Litigation and employment status: effects on patients with chronic pain.
Profiles of opioid analgesia in humans after intravenous bolus administration: alfentanil, fentanyl and morphine compared on experimental pain.
Neglected factors in chronic pain treatment outcome studies--referral patterns, failure to enter treatment, and attrition.
Heart rate changes as an autonomic component of the pain response.
Opiates suppress carrageenan-induced edema and hyperthermia at doses that inhibit hyperalgesia.
Effects of the calcium antagonist nilvadipine on focal cerebral ischemia in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Glossopharyngeal schwannoma: review of five cases and the literature.
A single case of Huntington's disease simultaneously occurring with obstructive hydrocephalus.
Embolism of cerebral tissue: a cause of coagulopathy and cerebral infarction? Report of a case.
The painful shoulder: Part II. Intrinsic disorders and impingement syndrome.
The effect of quinidine and mexiletine on the adaptation of ventricular refractoriness to an increase in rate.
Why are autism and the fragile-X syndrome associated? Conceptual and methodological issues.
Progress in the search for genetic linkage with Tourette syndrome: an exclusion map covering more than 50% of the autosomal genome.
X-linked sideroblastic anemia and ataxia: linkage to phosphoglycerate kinase at Xq13.
Molecular genetic basis of maple syrup urine disease in a family with two defective alleles for branched chain acyltransferase and localization of the gene to human chromosome 1.
Tay-Sachs disease in Moroccan Jews: deletion of a phenylalanine in the alpha-subunit of beta-hexosaminidase.
Validation of a surveillance case definition of carpal tunnel syndrome
Propofol infusion for control of status epilepticus.
32-gauge spinal catheters through 26-gauge needles
Paraesthesia with lumbar epidural catheters. A comparison of air and saline in a loss-of-resistance technique.
Eosinophilic fasciitis associated with tryptophan ingestion. A manifestation of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Supported employment: an alternative model for vocational rehabilitation of persons with severe neurologic, psychiatric, or physical disability.
Telephone use to elicit voice or speech in brain injured subjects.
The disabled driver: an unmet challenge.
Psychosocial, functional, and quality of life assessment of patients with posttraumatic fracture nonunion, chronic refractory osteomyelitis, and lower extremity amputation.
Costs of operating a supported work program for traumatically brain-injured individuals.
Reversible nerve conduction block in patients with polyneuropathy after ultrasound thermotherapy at therapeutic dosage.
Goal attainment scaling and outcome measurement in postacute brain injury rehabilitation.
Factors predicting satisfactory home care after stroke.
Visual illusions in a patient with lateral medullary syndrome.
A videofluoroscopy chair for the evaluation of dysphagia in patients with severe neuromotor disease.
Cotton-wool spots and retinal light sensitivity in diabetic retinopathy.
Traumatic retinal detachment.
Anisocoria in unilateral ophthalmic disease.
Long-term efficacy of primary laser trabeculoplasty.
Electrophysiology and colour perimetry in dominant infantile optic atrophy.
Local injection treatment of tennis elbow--hydrocortisone, triamcinolone and lignocaine compared.
Higher incidence of carpal tunnel syndrome in oophorectomized women.
Malignant glandular triton tumor.
Differentiation in embryonal neuroepithelial tumors of the central nervous system.
Effects of local reduction in pressure on distensibility and composition of cerebral arterioles.
Optimum results of the surgical treatment of carotid territory ischemia.
Advances in the treatment of complex cerebrovascular disorders by interventional neurovascular techniques.
Limits of brain tolerance to daily increments in serum sodium in chronically hyponatraemic rats treated with hypertonic saline or urea: advantages of urea.
Role of diabetologist in evaluating diabetic retinopathy.
Learning disabilities in epilepsy: neurophysiological aspects.
Education and epilepsy: assessment and remediation.
Antiepileptic drugs, cognitive function, and behavior in children: evidence from recent studies.
Computerized neuropsychological assessment of cognitive functioning in children with epilepsy.
Neuropsychological assessment of cognitive functioning in children with epilepsy.
Electroencephalographic parameters in assessing the cognitive function of children with epilepsy.
Discontinuation of antiepileptic drugs in children who have outgrown epilepsy: effects on cognitive function.
Cognitive deficits in children: adaptive behavior and treatment techniques.
Educational policies.
Neuropsychological aspects of learning disabilities in epilepsy.
MRI, CT, SPECT, PET: their use in diagnosing dementia.
Spinal instability secondary to metastatic cancer.
Surgical treatment of double major scoliosis. Improvement of the lumbar curve after fusion of the thoracic curve.
Tarsal tunnel syndrome. Causes and results of operative treatment.
Scaphoid malunion.
Internal fixation of femoral neck fractures. Two methods compared.
Intravenous administration of phosphorylated acid alpha-glucosidase leads to uptake of enzyme in heart and skeletal muscle of mice.
The timed "Up & Go": a test of basic functional mobility for frail elderly persons.
Mini-Mental State exam scores vary with education in blacks and whites.
Physician practices in the diagnosis of dementing disorders.
Postauricular cerebellar encephalocoele secondary to chronic suppurative otitis media and mastoid surgery.
Temporal bone findings in two cases of head injury.
Very high blood pressure in acute stroke.
Increased arterial adrenaline is related to pain in uncomplicated myocardial infarction.
Localization of technetium-99m-glucarate in zones of acute cerebral injury.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in pituitary growth hormone recipients in the United States.
Meralgia paresthetica after coronary bypass surgery.
Pulse oximetry during apparent tonic-clonic seizures.
Comparison of continuous subcutaneous and intravenous hydromorphone infusions for management of cancer pain.
Neurofibromatosis type 2: report of a family and review of current evaluation and treatment.
Reversible myeloneuropathy of nitrous oxide abuse: serial electrophysiological studies.
Nerve-muscle involvement in a large family with mitochondrial cytopathy: electrophysiological studies.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of electrophysiologic tests in meralgia paresthetica.
Abnormal single motor unit behavior in the upper motor neuron syndrome.
Effects of short spaceflights on mechanical characteristics of rat muscles.
A placebo-controlled trial of maintenance therapy with fluconazole after treatment of cryptococcal meningitis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. California Collaborative Treatment Group.
Young-onset Parkinson's disease: a clinical review.
The role of HTLV in HIV-1 neurologic disease.
Early development of levodopa-induced dyskinesias and response fluctuations in young-onset Parkinson's disease.
Patient perception of tics and other movement disorders.
Hashimoto's encephalopathy: a steroid-responsive disorder associated with high anti-thyroid antibody titers--report of 5 cases.
Essential tremor: clinical correlates in 350 patients.
Symptoms and disease associations in idiopathic intracranial hypertension (pseudotumor cerebri): a case-control study.
Lateral medullary infarction: prognosis in an unselected series.
Infarction in the anterior rostral cerebellum (the territory of the lateral branch of the superior cerebellar artery).
Myotonic heart disease: a clinical follow-up.
Epidermal nevus syndrome: a neurologic variant with hemimegalencephaly, gyral malformation, mental retardation, seizures, and facial hemihypertrophy.
Comparison of functional and structural brain disturbances in Wilson's disease.
Vascular abnormalities in epidermal nevus syndrome.
Percutaneous aspiration of brain tumor cysts via the Ommaya reservoir system.
Reciprocal inhibition between forearm muscles in spastic hemiplegia.
Interictal spiking during wakefulness and sleep and the localization of foci in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Phenytoin toxicity due to interaction with clobazam.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with ingestion of L-tryptophan: muscle biopsy findings in 4 patients.
Cerebrospinal fluid eicosanoid levels: endogenous PGD2 and LTC4 synthesis by antigen-presenting cells that migrate to the central nervous system.
Syphilitic meningomyelitis.
The "numb cheek-limp lower lid" syndrome.
Repetitive conservative surgery for recurrence of endometriosis.
Pyogenic spinal sepsis in adults.
Osteoblastoma of the spine. A review of 75 cases.
Hemibody irradiation in advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Use of intravenous stilbestrol diphosphate in patients with prostatic carcinoma refractory to conventional hormonal manipulation.
Combination of Anandron with orchiectomy in treatment of metastatic prostate cancer. Results of a double-blind study.
Granulocytic sarcoma presenting as an epidural mass with acute paraparesis in an aleukemic patient.
Prediction of free phenytoin levels based on [total phenytoin]/[albumin] ratios. Potential errors with hypoalbuminemia.
Endosalpingosis as a cause of chronic pelvic pain.
Effects of acute hypermagnesemia on the threshold for lidocaine-induced seizures in the rat.
Visual recovery in patients with optic neuritis and visual loss to no light perception.
Systemic amyloidosis in transgenic mice carrying the human mutant transthyretin (Met30) gene. Pathologic similarity to human familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy, type I.
Keratin subsets in spindle cell sarcomas. Keratins are widespread but synovial sarcoma contains a distinctive keratin polypeptide pattern and desmoplakins.
Substance abuse and cerebral blood flow.
Self-injurious behavior: a review of the behavior and biology of self-mutilation.
A critical appraisal of mitogen-induced lymphocyte proliferation in depressed patients.
Depressive symptoms following stroke.
The nature and course of olfactory deficits in Alzheimer's disease.
Nonfearful panic disorder in neurology patients validated by lactate challenge.
Ultrastructural evidence of a merocrine secretion in the human endolymphatic sac.
Organ procurement in patients with fatal head injuries. The fate of the potential donor.
Lipids, vascular disease, and dementia with advancing age. Epidemiologic considerations.
Giant cell arteritis. A case with unusual neurologic manifestations and a normal sedimentation rate.
P300 brain activity in seizure patients preceding temporal lobectomy.
Age at onset of Alzheimer's disease. Relation to language dysfunction.
The distribution of cerebral muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in vivo in patients with dementia. A controlled study with 123IQNB and single photon emission computed tomography.
Widespread functional effects of discrete thalamic infarction.
Spectral analysis of heart rate in diabetic autonomic neuropathy. A comparison with standard tests of autonomic function.
Alterations in brain phosphate metabolite concentrations in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
The effect of sleep on the dyskinetic movements of Parkinson's disease, Gilles de la Tourette syndrome, Huntington's disease, and torsion dystonia.
Intravenous immunoglobulin treatment in patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. Clinical and laboratory characteristics associated with improvement.
Posttraumatic torticollis.
An early description of slowly progressive aphasia.
Frontal impairment and hypoperfusion in neuroacanthocytosis.
Visual evoked potentials and visual prognosis following perinatal asphyxia.
Trial of brief intermittent neuroleptic prophylaxis for selected schizophrenic outpatients: clinical and social outcome at two years.
Prevalence of acute mountain sickness in the Swiss Alps.
Prognosis of Wilsonian chronic active hepatitis.
Hereditary internal anal sphincter myopathy causing proctalgia fugax and constipation. A newly identified condition.
Management of pseudarthrosis after arthrodesis of the spine for idiopathic scoliosis.
Valgus deformities of the feet and characteristics of gait in patients who have rheumatoid arthritis.
Reconstruction of the chronically insufficient anterior cruciate ligament with the central third of the patellar ligament.
The automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator: effect of patch polarity on defibrillation threshold.
Comparison of motor response to apomorphine and levodopa in Parkinson's disease.
Evaluation of vigabatrin as an add-on drug in the management of severe epilepsy.
Early-onset dementia and extrapyramidal disease: clinicopathological variant of Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker or Alzheimer's disease?
Diagnostic value of anti-neuronal antibodies for paraneoplastic disorders of the nervous system.
Diurnal differences in response to oral levodopa.
Vitamin B12 and folate concentrations in serum and cerebrospinal fluid of neurological patients with special reference to multiple sclerosis and dementia.
Clinical diagnosis of Binswanger's disease.
A simple method to improve the accuracy of non-invasive ultrasound in selecting TIA patients for cerebral angiography.
The accuracy of predictions about progress of patients on a stroke unit.
Spectral analysis of tremor: understanding the results.
Shy-Drager syndrome. Effect of fludrocortisone and L-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine on the blood pressure and regional cerebral blood flow.
Hydromyelic hydrocephalus. Correlation of hydromyelia with various stages of hydrocephalus in postshunt isolated compartments.
Functional outcomes following selective posterior rhizotomy in children with cerebral palsy.
Spontaneous neuronal hyperactivity in the medial and intralaminar thalamic nuclei of patients with deafferentation pain.
Radical intracapsular removal of acoustic neurinomas. Long-term follow-up review of 11 patients.
Radiation-induced optic neuropathy: a magnetic resonance imaging study.
Relationship between body and brain temperature in traumatically brain-injured rodents.
Tethered cord syndrome from a choristoma of mullerian origin. Case report.
Intradural chordoma of the tentorium cerebelli. Case report.
A vascular malformation mimicking an intracanalicular acoustic neurilemoma. Case report.
Anticonvulsant and behavioral effects of two novel competitive N-methyl-D-aspartic acid receptor antagonists, CGP 37849 and CGP 39551, in the kindling model of epilepsy. Comparison with MK-801 and carbamazepine.
Combined hemorrhagic shock and head injury: effects of hypertonic saline (7.5%) resuscitation.
Optimal escort for interhospital transport of pediatric emergencies.
Relative effects of brain and non-brain injuries on neuropsychological and psychosocial outcome.
Timing of osteosynthesis of major fractures in patients with severe brain injury.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy after clavicle fracture: case report.
Rediscovering tactile agnosia.
Snow skiing for the physically disabled.
Traumatic intracranial aneurysms caused by missiles: their presentation and management.
Progressive coma after the transsphenoidal decompression of a pituitary adenoma with marked suprasellar extension: report of two cases.
Ectopic retinoblastoma within the 3rd ventricle: case report.
Monitoring of cortical blood flow during temporary arterial occlusion in aneurysm surgery by the thermal diffusion method.
The effect of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage: a retrospective analysis of 108 patients.
Spinal cord stimulation: a contemporary series
Chronic headache associated with a functioning shunt: usefulness of pressure monitoring.
The transoral approach for the management of intradural lesions at the craniovertebral junction: review of 7 cases.
Improved access to lesions of the central skull base by mobilization of the zygoma: experience with 54 cases.
Diabetic amyotrophy without pain. A puzzling clinical picture.
Intracranial aneurysms: interventional neurovascular treatment with detachable balloons--results in 215 cases
Nerve root avulsion of birth palsy: comparison of myelography with CT myelography and somatosensory evoked potential.
Mapping the distribution of amobarbital sodium in the intracarotid Wada test by use of Tc-99m HMPAO with SPECT.
Osteonecrosis of the knee after arthroscopic surgery: diagnosis with MR imaging.
The prolonged burner syndrome.
Cauda equina syndrome after continuous spinal anesthesia.
Continuous postoperative regional analgesia by nerve sheath block for amputation surgery--a pilot study.
Intestinal permeability in patients with chronic urticaria-angioedema with and without arthralgia.
Effect of parenterally administered gold therapy on the course of adult rheumatoid arthritis
Lyme disease: recommendations for diagnosis and treatment
Developmental dyslexia in women: neuropathological findings in three patients.
Cerebrospinal fluid immune complexes in patients exposed to Borrelia burgdorferi: detection of Borrelia-specific and -nonspecific complexes.
Cerebellar and frontal hypometabolism in alcoholic cerebellar degeneration studied with positron emission tomography.
Normal proprioceptive trigeminal afferents in patients with Sjogren's syndrome and sensory neuronopathy.
Timing and topography of cerebral blood flow, aura, and headache during migraine attacks.
General assay for phosphoproteins in cerebrospinal fluid: a candidate marker for paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration.
Ataxia and peripheral neuropathy: a benign variant of peroxisome dysgenesis.
OKT3 encephalopathy.
Orocaecal transit time in Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Cardiac echinococcosis with fatal intracerebral embolism.
Temporal arteritis with normal erythrocyte sedimentation rates presenting as occipital neuralgia.
Risk monitoring of randomized trials in emergency medicine: experience of the Brain Resuscitation Clinical Trial II.
Early diagnosis and survival of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Cerebral circulation and metabolism in patients with septic encephalopathy.
The effect of pH buffering on reducing the pain associated with subcutaneous infiltration of bupivicaine [published erratum appears in Am J Emerg Med 1991 Jul;9(4):410]
Evaluation of minor head trauma in children younger than two years.
New approaches in the rehabilitation of the traumatic high level quadriplegic.
Research in physical medicine and rehabilitation. XII. Measurement tools with application to brain injury.
Recovery time of independent function post-stroke.
A case of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis. II: The sterol content of a cataractous lens.
Outcome of cataract surgery in central India: a longitudinal follow-up study.
Corneal sensitivity and correlations between decreased sensitivity and anterior segment pathology in ocular leprosy.
Flecked retina associated with ring 17 chromosome.
Ocular defects in infants of extremely low birth weight and low gestational age.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the head and spine: effective for the clinician or the patient?
Ventilatory function as a predictor of fatal stroke.
Availability of transplantable organs from brain stem dead donors in intensive care units.
Reinforcement of incontinent stools in the treatment of encopresis.
Relative validity of self-reported snoring as a symptom of sleep apnea in a sleep clinic population
Dacron-woven pacemaker pouch. Influence on long-term pacemaker mobility.
Sleepwalking precipitated by treatment of sleep apnea with nasal CPAP.
Potentially fatal asthma and syncope. A new variant of Munchausen's syndrome in sports medicine.
Natural killer cell activity in patients with liver cirrhosis relative to severity of liver damage.
Alzheimer's disease and related disorders in state mental hospitals: data from a nationwide survey.
Elevated intracranial pressure and computed tomography of the brain in fulminant hepatocellular failure.
Differences in the membrane interaction of scrapie amyloid precursor proteins in normal and scrapie- or Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease-infected brains.
Effect of indomethacin on the pathophysiology of experimental meningitis in rabbits.
Sudden death and sleeping history among Finnish men.
Long-term follow-up of the use of nonporous hydroxyapatite for augmentation of the alveolar ridge.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease from allogeneic dura: a review of risks and safety.
Clinical diagnostic considerations on cocaine abuse.
Medicare Peer Review Organization preprocedure review criteria. An analysis of criteria for three procedures
Neurobehavioral effects of phenytoin prophylaxis of posttraumatic seizures
Physical and pharmacologic restraint of nursing home patients with dementia. Impact of specialized units
Retrovirus-induced spongiform myeloencephalopathy in mice: regional distribution of infected target cells and neuronal loss occurring in the absence of viral expression in neurons.
Tumoral thrombosis of cerebral venous sinuses: preoperative diagnosis using magnetic resonance phase imaging.
Hydrocephalus: overdrainage by ventricular shunts. A review and recommendations.
Unusually late onset of cerebrospinal fluid rhinorrhea after head trauma.
Angiotropic intravascular large-cell lymphoma (malignant angioendotheliomatosis): report of a case and review of the literature.
Treatment of leptomeningeal carcinomatosis with continuous intraventricular infusion of recombinant interleukin-2.
Antivenom therapy in Russell's viper bite.
Midazolam-induced benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome
Response to suxamethonium in a myasthenic patient during remission.
Non-drug related asystole associated with anaesthetic induction.
Modification of pain on injection of propofol--a comparison between lignocaine and procaine.
Flexion-extension views in the evaluation of cervical-spine injuries.
Lidocaine potentiation of cocaine toxicity.
Phenytoin administration by constant intravenous infusion: selective rates of administration.
Poisoning with equine phenylbutazone in a racetrack worker.
Multiple cranial nerve deficits after ethylene glycol poisoning.
Genetic cause of a juvenile form of Tay-Sachs disease in a Lebanese child.
Elevated alpha-tumor necrosis factor levels in spinal fluid from HIV-1-infected patients with central nervous system involvement.
Neuroanatomy of fragile X syndrome: the posterior fossa.
Visual dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease: relation to normal aging [published erratum appears in Ann Neurol 1991 Mar;29(3):271]
The functional anatomy of motor recovery after stroke in humans: a study with positron emission tomography.
Lymphoma, motor neuron diseases, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Nerve growth factor prevents toxic neuropathy in mice.
Localization of 3H-dihydroergotamine-binding sites in the cat central nervous system: relevance to migraine.
Acceleration of scrapie in trisomy 16----diploid aggregation chimeras.
Muscle biopsy for diagnosis of malignant hyperthermia susceptibility in two patients with severe exercise-induced myolysis.
Traumatic subarachnoid-pleural fistula in a child. A case report.
Total knee arthroplasty in patients after patellectomy.
Magnetic resonance imaging for ineffectual tarsal tunnel surgical treatment.
Neurologic status of spina bifida patients and the orthopedic surgeon.
Gait analysis in the treatment of the ambulatory child with cerebral palsy.
Impact of day care on dementia patients--costs, well-being and relatives' views.
A comparison of the efficacy and safety of pergolide and bromocriptine in the treatment of hyperprolactinemia.
Immunoassay of P2 protein in cerebrospinal fluid in neurological disorders.
The role of pain in the last year of life of older persons.
Mechanical ventilation in medical and neurological diseases: 11 years of experience.
Serum creatinine: an independent predictor of survival after stroke.
Familial hypobetalipoproteinaemia complicated by cerebellar ataxia and steatocystoma multiplex.
Patterns of neuropsychological impairment after severe blunt head injury.
Fibromyalgia in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
An objective score to predict upper tract deterioration in myelodysplasia.
Thigh muscle function after partial tear of the medial ligament compartment of the knee.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the preoperative evaluation of cervical radiculopathy.
Intracranial hypertension in relation to memory functioning during the first year after severe head injury.
Localization of stereotactic targets by microrecordings of thalamic somatosensory evoked potentials.
Definition of the role of contemporary surgical management in cisternal and parenchymatous cysticercosis cerebri.
Cerebrospinal fluid flow dynamics in children with external ventricular drains.
The influence of the calcium antagonist nimodipine and induced hypertension on the behavior of the cerebral pial arteries, the blood-brain barrier, cerebral edema, and cerebral infarction in cats with one-hour occlusion of the middle cerebral artery.
Kenneth McKenzie, Harvey Cushing, and the early neurosurgical treatment of spasmodic torticollis.
Isolated trigeminal sensory loss secondary to a distal anterior inferior cerebellar artery aneurysm: case report.
Iatrogenic saphenous neuralgia: successful therapy with neuroma resection.
Spinal man after declaration of brain death
Reversible hearing loss from cerebellopontine angle tumors.
Adult peripheral neuroepithelioma in Meckel's cave.
A comparison of midazolam with and without nalbuphine for intravenous sedation.
Presentation and management of an acute caffeine overdose.
Selective myectomy for postparetic facial synkinesis.
Intrapalatine resection (IPR) in the treatment of sleep apnea and snoring.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the brain.
Genetic mapping of new DNA probes at Xq27 defines a strategy for DNA studies in the fragile X syndrome.
mtDNA depletion with variable tissue expression: a novel genetic abnormality in mitochondrial diseases.
Deficiency of complex III of the mitochondrial respiratory chain in a patient with facioscapulohumeral disease.
Intermediate hyperhomocysteinemia resulting from compound heterozygosity of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase mutations.
Distribution of three alpha-chain beta-hexosaminidase A mutations among Tay-Sachs carriers.
Nasal midline masses in infants and children. Dermoids, encephaloceles, and gliomas.
Postcardiotomy mechanical circulatory support in the elderly.
Muscle rehabilitation in impaired elderly nursing home residents.
Evaluation of treatment protocols on minimal to moderate spasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Anemia after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Sexual changes in hemiparetic patients.
Recurrent thoracic outlet syndrome after first rib resection.
Wrist flexion as an adjunct to the diagnosis of carpal tunnel syndrome.
Detecting lower motor neuron dysfunction of the pharynx and larynx with electromyography.
Neurobehavioral effects of phenytoin, carbamazepine, and valproic acid: implications for use in traumatic brain injury.
A cellist with arm pain: thermal asymmetry in scalenus anticus syndrome.
Candida pyelonephritis complicating traumatic C5 quadriplegia: diagnosis and management.
Spinal accessory nerve palsy: an unusual complication of coronary artery bypass
Ratio of immunochemically determined amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase to butyrylcholinesterase in the differential diagnosis of fetal abnormalities.
The neck-eye reflex in patients with reduced vestibular and optokinetic function.
Neuroacanthocytosis. A clinical, haematological and pathological study of 19 cases.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension. A prospective study of 50 patients.
Dual task performance and processing resources in normal subjects and patients with Parkinson's disease.
Reversed lateralization of cognitive functions in right handers. Exceptions to classical aphasiology.
Short-term memory and sentence comprehension. An investigation of a patient with crossed aphasia.
Task-dependent variations in parkinsonian motor impairments.
Effects of anticonvulsant treatment and low levels of folate and thiamine on amine metabolites in cerebrospinal fluid.
The stroke syndrome of striatocapsular infarction.
Human olfactory discrimination after unilateral frontal or temporal lobectomy.
Sequencing in Parkinson's disease. Abnormalities in programming and controlling movement.
Clinical features and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea.
Diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea.
Pain control in the ambulatory elderly.
The role of methanethiol in the pathogenesis of hepatic encephalopathy.
Effects of antihypertensive therapy on mechanics of cerebral arterioles in rats.
Plasticity of integrin expression by nerve-derived connective tissue cells. Human Schwann cells, perineurial cells, and fibroblasts express markedly different patterns of beta 1 integrins during nerve development, neoplasia, and in vitro.
Differential diagnosis of mut and cbl methylmalonic aciduria by DNA-mediated gene transfer in primary fibroblasts.
Trichothiodystrophy with chronic neutropenia and mild mental retardation.
Modifying the translabyrinthine approach to preserve hearing during acoustic tumour surgery.
Unusual presentation of squamous cell carcinoma of the middle ear and mastoid.
Radiation-induced cranial nerve palsy: hypoglossal nerve and vocal cord palsies.
Life events and difficulties preceding stroke.
Transient ischaemic attacks in young patients: a thromboembolic or migrainous manifestation? A 10 year follow up study of 46 patients.
Idiopathic and symptomatic trigeminal pain.
Clinical features and associations of 560 cases of motor neuron disease.
Progressive degeneration of the right temporal lobe studied with positron emission tomography.
Vigabatrin: rational treatment for chronic epilepsy.
Correlation between essential tremor and migraine headache.
Cyclosporin-associated akinetic mutism and extrapyramidal syndrome after liver transplantation.
Cauda equina syndrome associated with multiple lumbar arachnoid cysts in ankylosing spondylitis: improvement following surgical therapy.
Grading white matter lesions on CT and MRI: a simple scale.
Hypothalamic obesity due to hydrocephalus caused by aqueductal stenosis.
The community hospital-based stroke programs in North Carolina, Oregon and New York--V. Stroke diagnosis: factors influencing the diagnostic evaluation of patients following acute stroke.
Bone metastases: pathophysiology and management policy.
High risk of recurrent stroke after discontinuance of five to twelve years of transfusion therapy in patients with sickle cell disease.
Fundoplication and gastrostomy in familial dysautonomia.
Is it correct to correct? Developmental milestones in 555 "normal" preterm infants compared with term infants.
Relationships of somatic symptoms to behavioral and emotional risk in young adolescents.
Influence of preservation or perfusion of intraoperatively identified spinal cord blood supply on spinal motor evoked potentials and paraplegia after aortic surgery.
Limitations of electroencephalographic monitoring in the detection of cerebral ischemia accompanying carotid endarterectomy.
Intrathecal baclofen for spasticity in cerebral palsy
No confirmation of visual evoked potential diagnostic test for migraine.
Intracranial pressure in African children with cerebral malaria
Intracranial complications of paranasal sinusitis: a combined institutional review.
Polyglucosan body disease.
AAEM case report #1: ulnar neuropathy at the elbow.
Abnormal pattern detected in fragile-X patients by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis.
Lexical organization of nouns and verbs in the brain.
The nature of opioid responsiveness and its implications for neuropathic pain: new hypotheses derived from studies of opioid infusions.
Chronic musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in the general population. An analysis of the 1st National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data.
Codeine plus paracetamol versus paracetamol in longer-term treatment of chronic pain due to osteoarthritis of the hip. A randomised, double-blind, multi-centre study.
Pain 'memories' in phantom limbs: review and clinical observations.
Assessment of the components of observed chronic pain behavior: the Checklist for Interpersonal Pain Behavior (CHIP).
Diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccine and serious neurologic illness: an updated review of the epidemiologic evidence.
Can clinical judgment detect children with speech-language problems?
Location of port-wine stains and the likelihood of ophthalmic and/or central nervous system complications.
Hypoglycemia, hypotonia, and cardiomyopathy: the evolving clinical picture of long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency.
Tilt test for diagnosis of unexplained syncope in pediatric patients.
Pain management in the orthopedic patient.
Help for the hurting elderly. Safe use of drugs to relieve pain.
Chronic pain--assessment of orthopedic physical therapists' knowledge and attitudes.
Movement analysis--an aid to early diagnosis of cerebral palsy.
Implications of a dynamical systems approach to understanding infant kicking behavior.
Cognitive strategies during coincident timing tasks.
Measurement and treatment in cerebral palsy: an argument for a new approach.
Dorsal rhizotomy for children with cerebral palsy: support for concepts of motor control.
Spinal cord injury after subclavian flap aortoplasty. An experimental study in piglets.
Long-term medical consequences of incest, rape, and molestation.
Scalp pilomatrix carcinoma as an extra-axial mass.
Cerebral falciparum malaria mimicking thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Management of arginine monohydrochloride extravasation in the forearm.
Cerebellar degeneration and Meige's syndrome.
Profound papilledema due to cryptococcal meningitis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: successful treatment with fluconazole.
Acute oculogyric crisis after administration of prochlorperazine.
Experience with surgical treatment of Takayasu's disease.
Interstitial cystitis: successful management by increasing urinary voiding intervals.
Methamphetamine. Stimulant of the 1990s?
Outpatient management of schizophrenia.
Neuromuscular disease of the gastrointestinal tract.
Murine retroviral neurovirulence correlates with an enhanced ability ofvirus to infect selectively, replicate in, and activate resident microglial cells [published erratum appears in Am J Pathol 1991 May;138(5):1058]
Secondary deposition of beta amyloid within extracellular neurofibrillary tangles in Alzheimer-type dementia.
Effect of thiopental on neurologic outcome following coronary artery bypass grafting
Recovery profile after desflurane-nitrous oxide versus isoflurane-nitrous oxide in outpatients.
The induction dose of propofol in infants 1-6 months of age and in children 10-16 years of age.
The dynamic flexometer: an instrument for the objective evaluation of spasticity.
Role of hypoxic drive in regulation of postapneic ventilation during sleep in patients with obstructive sleep apnea.
Bronchial mucus hypersecretion in acute quadriplegia. Macromolecular yields and glycoconjugate composition.
Rate of oxyhemoglobin desaturation in obstructive versus nonobstructive apnea.
A prognostic system for transient ischemia or minor stroke.
A new syndrome of congenital hypoparathyroidism, severe growth failure, and dysmorphic features.
Outcome among surviving very low birthweight infants: a meta-analysis.
Causes and consequences of blood pressure alterations in obstructive sleep apnea.
Refractory hypoglycemia secondary to topical salicylate intoxication.
Central nervous system magnesium deficiency.
Risk of dementia in first-degree relatives of patients with Alzheimer's disease and related disorders.
Assessing the severity of dementia. Patient and caregiver.
Antecedent medical diseases in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. A population-based case-controlled study in Rochester, Minn, 1925 through 1987.
Environmental risk factors in siblings with Parkinson's disease.
Heterogeneity in spasmodic dysphonia. Neurologic and voice findings.
Lateral deviation of the eyes on forced lid closure in patients with cerebral lesions.
Seizure disorders in Down syndrome.
Lymphomatous polyneuropathy. Biopsy of clinically involved nerve and successful treatment.
Horner's syndrome from hypothalamic infarction.
Results of N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonists in perinatal cerebral asphyxia therapy.
Prognostic significance of multimodality evoked response testing in high-risk newborns.
Clinical analyses and short-term prognoses of neonates with subependymal cysts.
Value of plasmapheresis in hepatic encephalopathy.
Wide cavum septum pellucidum: a marker of disturbed brain development.
Partial cytochrome b deficiency and generalized dystonia.
Respiratory muscle involvement in nemaline myopathy.
A pilot study of suramin in the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
High-dose cisplatin plus dacarbazine in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Meningeal carcinomatosis in breast cancer. Prognostic factors and influence of treatment.
Central nervous system involvement in patients with facial palsy due to borrelial infection.
CV 205-502--effectiveness, tolerability, and safety over 24-month study.
Limb-body wall complex with complete absence of external genitalia after in vitro fertilization.
Portacaval shunt versus endoscopic sclerotherapy in the elective treatment of variceal hemorrhage.
Fulminant hepatitis B: induction by hepatitis B virus mutants defective in the precore region and incapable of encoding e antigen.
Overt hepatic encephalopathy precipitated by zinc deficiency.
Clinical differentiation of fulminant Wilsonian hepatitis from other causes of hepatic failure.
Noninvasive trigeminal evoked potentials: normative data and application to neuralgia patients.
Common headaches: type, duration, frequency and implications.
Naproxen sodium in menstrual migraine prophylaxis: a double-blind placebo controlled study.
A comparative study of naproxen sodium, pizotyline and placebo in migraine prophylaxis.
Cervicogenic headache: diagnostic criteria.
Angiographic changes suggestive of vasospasm in migraine complicated by stroke.
The headache-specific locus of control scale: adaptation to recurrent headaches.
Headaches in dementia.
Quantitation of skin vasomotor control in normal subjects and in diabetic patients with autonomic neuropathy.
Immunological differentiation between neuroborreliosis and multiple sclerosis.
Magnetic resonance imaging in motor neuron disease.
Unilateral asterixis.
Further notes on Munchausen's syndrome: a case report of a change from acute abdominal to neurological type.
Miller-Fisher syndrome and pontine abnormalities on MRI: a case report.
Clinical, radiographic, and pathological features of symptomatic Rathke's cleft cysts.
Stereotactic radiosurgery of meningiomas.
Language function following anterior temporal lobectomy.
Seizure outcome from anterior and complete corpus callosotomy.
The standardized assessment of argyrophilic nucleolar organizer regions in meningeal tumors.
Intracranial pressure and cerebrospinal fluid outflow conductance in healthy subjects.
Shunt nephritis. Case report.
Magnetoencephalographic localization of interictal spike sources. Case report.
Optimal wound closure after tethered cord correction. Technical note.
Significance of magnetic resonance imaging in acute head injury.
The value of intubating and paralyzing patients with suspected head injury in the emergency department.
Seizure-associated speech arrest in elderly patients
Uniparental paternal disomy in Angelman's syndrome.
Indwelling epidural catheters for pain control in gynecologic cancer patients.
Serial neurobehavioral assessments in preterm infants.
Multiple representations of pain in human cerebral cortex.
Experimental nerve root compression. A model of acute, graded compression of the porcine cauda equina and an analysis of neural and vascular anatomy.
Spinal cord injuries. Clinical, functional, and emotional status.
Penetrating craniocerebral trauma.
Missed injuries. The trauma surgeon's nemesis.
Stroke recurrence within 2 years after ischemic infarction.
Chronic blood hyperviscosity in subjects with acute stroke, transient ischemic attack, and risk factors for stroke.
Mortality in acute stroke with atrial fibrillation. The Italian Acute Stroke Study Group.
Clinical-computed tomographic correlations of lacunar infarction in the Stroke Data Bank.
Treatment of acute hydrocephalus after subarachnoid hemorrhage with serial lumbar puncture.
Brain magnetic resonance imaging and neuropsychologic evaluation of patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Prognostic significance of conjugate eye deviation in stroke patients.
Atrial fibrillation after stroke in the elderly.
An improved photochemical model of embolic cerebral infarction in rats.
Clentiazem reduces infarct size in rabbit middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Basilar artery occlusion in rats.
Quantitative proton magnetic resonance imaging in focal cerebral ischemia in rat brain.
Turner's syndrome, fibromuscular dysplasia, and stroke.
Racial differences in cerebrovascular disease hospitalizations.
One-year outcome after cerebral infarction in whites, blacks, and Hispanics.
Probability of stroke: a risk profile from the Framingham Study.
Postischemic (S)-emopamil therapy ameliorates focal ischemic brain injury in rats.
Thrombosis in a congenitally bifurcated superior sagittal sinus.
Stroke after heavy marijuana smoking.
Adipsic hypernatremia in two sisters.
Maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein screening: further consideration of low-volume testing.
Outpatient sedation: an essential addition to gynecologic care for persons with mental retardation.
A randomized, controlled trial of the use of music during laceration repair.
Glucagon: prehospital therapy for hypoglycemia.
Thrombolytic therapy for noncoronary diseases.
Rehabilitation in spinal cord disorders. 2. Anatomy, pathogenesis, and research for neurologic recovery.
Rehabilitation in brain disorders. 1. Basic sciences.
Rehabilitation in brain disorders. 2. Clinical manifestations and medical issues.
Rehabilitation in brain disorders. 3. Intervention strategies.
Rehabilitation in brain disorders. 4. Specific disorders.
Pupillary and electroretinographic abnormalities in a family with neuronal intranuclear hyaline inclusion disease.
Symptoms of Raynaud's syndrome in patients with fibromyalgia. A study utilizing the Nielsen test, digital photoplethysmography, and measurements of platelet alpha 2-adrenergic receptors.
In vivo leukocyte migration in arthritis.
Observation of cerebrospinal fluid flow with echo-planar magnetic resonance imaging.
Fetal choroid plexus cysts: a prospective study and review of the literature.
Artificial urinary sphincter insertion in congenital neuropathic bladder.
The contribution of median nerve SEPs in the functional assessment of the cervical spinal cord in syringomyelia. A study of 24 patients.
Congenital mirror movements. Abnormal organization of motor pathways in two patients.
Perception and action in 'visual form agnosia'.
Modulation of the stretch reflex during volitional sinusoidal tracking in Parkinson's disease.
Microsaccadic flutter.
Development of language in six hemispherectomized patients.
Paraesthesiae and tetany induced by voluntary hyperventilation. Increased excitability of human cutaneous and motor axons.
Cells secreting anti-MAG antibody occur in cerebrospinal fluid and bone marrow in patients with polyneuropathy associated with M component.
Subcutaneous lisuride infusion in Parkinson's disease. Response to chronic administration in 34 patients.
Multiple representations contribute to body knowledge processing. Evidence from a case of autotopagnosia.
Meningeal involvement in Bence Jones multiple myeloma.
Effects of age on seizure susceptibility in genetically epilepsy-prone rats (GEPR-9s).
Noradrenergic abnormalities in the central nervous system of seizure-naive genetically epilepsy-prone rats.
Interictal spikes and hippocampal somatostatin levels in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Correlation of abnormalities of interictal n-isopropyl-p-iodoamphetamine single-photon emission tomography with focus of seizure onset in complex partial seizure disorders.
Temporal lobectomy and independent bitemporal interictal activity: what degree of lateralization is sufficient?
An objective method for the assessment of psychosocial problems in adolescents with epilepsy.
A retrospective study of spontaneous remission and long-term outcome in patients with infantile spasms.
Hyperglycemia presenting with occipital seizures.
Gaze-evoked visual seizures in nonketotic hyperglycemia.
Postictal psychosis after partial complex seizures: a multiple case study.
Comparative pharmacodynamics and brain distribution of E-delta 2-valproate and valproate in rats.
Effects of vigabatrin (gamma-vinyl GABA) on neurotransmission-related amino acids and on GABA and benzodiazepine receptor binding in rats.
Plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations during pregnancy.
Carbamazepine dose requirements during stiripentol therapy: influence of cytochrome P-450 inhibition by stiripentol.
Sensations during chest tube removal.
Hypoxemia alone does not explain blood pressure elevations after obstructive apneas.
Cholinergic stimulation of the pons depresses respiration in decerebrate cats.
The shoulder in multiple epiphyseal dysplasia.
Coccydynia. Aetiology and treatment.
The progression of mild idiopathic dementia in a community population.
Dementia in institutionalized elderly: relation to sleep apnea.
Recombinant human acetylcholine receptor alpha-subunit induces chronic experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis.
Class II-restricted T cell responses in Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus-induced demyelinating disease. IV. Identification of an immunodominant T cell determinant on the N-terminal end of the VP2 capsid protein in susceptible SJL/J mice.
rCBF-SPECT in brain infarction: when does it predict outcome?
Technetium-99m-HMPAO brain SPECT in medically intractable temporal lobe epilepsy: a postoperative evaluation.
Neurologic and psychiatric manifestations of HIV disease.
Use of activated charcoal to reduce elevated serum phenobarbital concentration in a neonate.
Comparison of symptom characteristics of indwelling ureteral catheters.
Multicenter long-term safety and efficacy study of vigabatrin for refractory complex partial seizures: an update.
Visuospatial impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Clozapine-related seizures.
Celiac disease, brain atrophy, and dementia.
The occurrence of motor fluctuations in parkinsonian patients treated long term with levodopa: role of early treatment and disease progression.
Proximal posterior cerebral artery occlusion simulating middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Glucosephosphate isomerase as a CSF marker for leptomeningeal metastasis.
Prediction of cognitive change as a function of preoperative ability status among temporal lobectomy patients seen at 6-month follow-up.
MRI findings in neuro-Behcet's disease.
Puppet-like syndrome of Angelman: a pathologic and neurochemical study.
Postischemic seizures and necrotizing ischemic brain damage: neuroprotective effect of postischemic diazepam and insulin.
Acetazolamide-responsive vestibulocerebellar syndrome: clinical and oculographic features.
Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis: treatments with simvastatin, lovastatin, and chenodeoxycholic acid in 3 siblings.
Corticosteroid-responsive dominantly inherited neuropathy in childhood.
Locked-in syndrome with bilateral ventral midbrain infarcts.
Multiple sclerosis and narcolepsy: possible similar genetic susceptibility.
"Frontal lobe" utilization behavior associated with paramedian thalamic infarction.
Numb chin syndrome secondary to Burkitt's cell acute leukemia.
Comparative ophthalmologic studies on children and adults with craniopharyngiomas.
High signal intensity in MR images of calcified brain tissue.
Identification of pre- and postcentral gyri on CT and MR images on the basis of the medullary pattern of cerebral white matter.
Ischemic brain damage: reduction by sodium-calcium ion channel modulator RS-87476.
Diagnostic quality and complications of hysterosalpingography: oil- versus water-soluble contrast media--a randomized prospective study.
Assessment of brain death in children by means of P-31 MR spectroscopy: preliminary note. Work in progress.
Isolation of sequences that span the fragile X and identification of a fragile X-related CpG island [published erratum appears in Science 1991 Apr 26;252(5005):494]
Babbling in the manual mode: evidence for the ontogeny of language.
Trends in systolic blood pressure, 24-hour sodium excretion, and stroke mortality in the elderly in Belgium.
Biological correlates of mental activity studied with PET.
An empirical study of diagnostic criteria for delirium.
Neuropsychological performance in medicated and unmedicated patients with Tourette's disorder.
Is caffeine withdrawal the mechanism of postoperative headache?
Perivascular innervation of the cerebral arteries in spontaneously hypertensive rats--an immunohistochemical study.
Transcranial Doppler in reversible migrainous vasospasm causing cerebellar infarction: report of a case.
Anomalous macular vessels: case report and review of the recent Japanese literature.
Retrobulbar alcohol injection in blind painful eyes.
Screening for biotinidase deficiency in children with unexplained neurologic or developmental abnormalities.
Giant hemangioma of the liver with pain, fever, and abnormal liver tests. Report of two cases.
An assessment and care planning strategy for nursing home residents with dementia.
Burden: a review of measures used among caregivers of individuals with dementia
Mycosis fungoides-like lesions associated with phenytoin and carbamazepine therapy.
Prognostic factors in the treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
The child with recurrent syncope: autonomic function testing and beta-adrenergic hypersensitivity.
Natural death as viewed by the medical examiner: a review of 1000 consecutive autopsies of individuals dying of natural disease.
Hospitalization and the cognitive deficits of schizophrenia. The influences of age and education.
The use of cognitive behavior therapy with a normalizing rationale in schizophrenia. Preliminary report.
A retrospective outcome study and review of hypnosis as treatment of adults with sleepwalking and sleep terror.
Fetal alcohol syndrome in adolescents and adults.
Mutation of the prion protein in Libyan Jews with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Risk factors for metastases in patients with retinoblastoma.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome. When levodopa withdrawal is the cause.
Comparison of vastus medialis obliquus: vastus lateralis muscle integrated electromyographic ratios between healthy subjects and patients with patellofemoral pain.
Ganglioglioma: a clinical study with long-term follow-up.
How selective is selective posterior rhizotomy?
Central nervous system bioaminergic responses to mechanical trauma. An experimental study.
Left alien hand sign and mirror writing after left anterior cerebral artery infarction.
Transcranial stab wounds: morbidity and medicolegal awareness.
Use of gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in the diagnosis and management of posterior fossa hemangioblastomas.
Successful treatment of neonatal Citrobacter freundii meningitis with ceftriaxone.
Sinus nodal dysfunction in young patients with long QT syndrome.
Soccer injuries to the brain. A neuropsychologic study of former soccer players.
Axial loading injuries to the middle cervical spine segment. An analysis and classification of twenty-five cases.
Tarsal tunnel syndrome in athletes. Case reports and literature review.
An objective comparison of intrathecal lidocaine versus fentanyl for the treatment of lower extremity spasticity.
Systemic alpha-adrenergic blockade with phentolamine: a diagnostic test for sympathetically maintained pain.
Intrathecal morphine 0.2 mg versus epidural bupivacaine 0.125% or their combination: effects on parturients.
Obstructive sleep apnea following topical oropharyngeal anesthesia in loud snorers.
Early gastric cancer. Twenty-eight-year experience.
Clonidine treatment of Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome.
The effectiveness of different methods of defining traumatic brain injury in predicting postdischarge adjustment in a spinal cord injury population.
Electromagnetic treatment of shoulder periarthritis: a randomized controlled trial of the efficiency and tolerance of magnetotherapy.
Cervicocephalic kinesthetic sensibility in patients with cervical pain.
Stance duration under sensory conflict conditions in patients with hemiplegia.
Work and power in gait of stroke patients.
Time of rehabilitation admission and severity of trauma: effect on brain injury outcome.
Cosmetic, functional, independent: self-help aids.
Saphenous nerve entrapment caused by pes anserine bursitis mimicking stress fracture of the tibia.
Discordant nephron function. A pathogenic factor in hypertension and its vascular complications of stroke and heart attack.
Special considerations for research with pharmacologic agents.
Rehabilitation of quadriparesis secondary to spinal cord sarcoidosis.
Standard v lightweight wheelchair propulsion in spinal cord injured patients.
Total knee arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis. A comparison of the polycentric and total condylar prostheses.
Long-term follow-up of cemented total hip arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis.
Ulnar nerve decompression with medial epicondylectomy for neuropathy at the elbow.
Obstructive sleep apnea presenting with nocturnal angina, heart failure, and near-miss sudden death.
Reversible brain death. A manifestation of amitriptyline overdose.
The effect of nightly nasal CPAP treatment on underlying obstructive sleep apnea and pharyngeal size.
Daytime hypertension in obstructive sleep apnea. Prevalence and contributing risk factors.
Suggestive evidence that pelvic endometriosis is a progressive disease, whereas deeply infiltrating endometriosis is associated with pelvic pain.
Occlusive arterial disease as a form of presentation of homocystinuria.
Maple syrup urine disease caused by a partial deletion in the inner E2 core domain of the branched chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase complex due to aberrant splicing. A single base deletion at a 5'-splice donor site of an intron of the E2 gene disrupts the consensus sequence in this region.
Recombinant human interleukin-1 induces meningitis and blood-brain barrier injury in the rat. Characterization and comparison with tumor necrosis factor.
Bioactive and inactive forms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in spinal fluid from patients with meningitis.
Protective and curative effects of rifampicin in Acanthamoeba meningitis of the mouse.
Scales for rating motor impairment in Parkinson's disease: studies of reliability and convergent validity.
Differential memory and executive functions in demented patients with Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
The absolute number of nerve cells in substantia nigra in normal subjects and in patients with Parkinson's disease estimated with an unbiased stereological method.
Extrapyramidal features in advanced Down's syndrome: clinical evaluation and family history.
Cervico-ocular function in patients with spasmodic torticollis.
Familial autosomal recessive rigid spine syndrome with neurogenic facio-scapulo-peroneal muscle atrophy.
Could Wallerian degeneration contribute to "leuko-araiosis" in subjects free of any vascular disorder?
99TCm-HMPAO SPECT studies in traumatic intracerebral haematoma.
Transient entrapment neuropathy of the posterior interosseous nerve in violin players.
Apparent reduction in the size of one side of the face associated with a small retrosplenial haemorrhage.
Evidence of serum-protein leakage across the blood-brain barrier in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
The neuroradiology of visual disturbances.
Ischemic optic neuropathy.
Atherosclerotic carotid disease and the eye.
Optic nerve gliomas and meningiomas.
Efficacy and complications of radiotherapy of anterior visual pathway tumors.
Botulinum toxin therapy.
Visually evoked potentials and electroretinography in neurologic evaluation.
Neuro-ocular Lyme borreliosis.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension.
Hyperhomocysteinemia: an independent risk factor for vascular disease.
Surgical treatment of a rare congenital anomaly of the vertebral artery: case report and review of the literature.
Endoscopic coagulation of the choroid plexus using the Nd:YAG laser: initial experience and proposal for management.
Syringomyelia as a postoperative sequela of the resection of a chordoma of the clivus: case report.
Acoustic schwannoma and epidermoid cyst occurring as a single cerebellopontine angle mass.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis with involvement of the cavernous sinus and hypothalamus.
Delayed facial nerve palsy after temporal lobectomy for epilepsy: report of four cases and discussion of possible mechanisms.
Tuberothalamic infarct after division of a hypoplastic posterior communicating artery for clipping of a basilar tip aneurysm: case report.
Cervical spine diastematomyelia in adulthood.
Enterogenous cyst of the cerebellopontine angle cistern: case report.
Continuous regional cerebral blood flow monitoring in acute craniocerebral trauma.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: fasting plasma levels of cysteine and inorganic sulfate are normal, as are brain contents of cysteine.
'Locked-in syndrome' for 27 years following a viral illness: clinical and pathologic findings.
Late effects of paralytic poliomyelitis in Olmsted County, Minnesota.
Clinical and electrographic effects of acute anticonvulsant withdrawal in epileptic patients.
The prognostic value of residual spikes in the postexcision electrocorticogram after temporal lobectomy.
Driving in Parkinson's disease.
Diagnosis of thymoma in myasthenics using anti-striated muscle antibodies: predictive value and gain in diagnostic certainty.
Anticardiolipin antibodies: a study of frequency in TIA and stroke.
Spinal cord inhibitory mechanisms in Parkinson's disease.
Participation of serotonergic mechanisms in the pathophysiology of experimental neoplastic spinal cord compression.
Cells secreting antibodies to myelin basic protein in cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Lyme neuroborreliosis.
Alexia without agraphia associated with spleniogeniculate infarction.
Postencephalitic acquired Tourette-like syndrome in a child.
The effects of sucralfate suspension and diphenhydramine syrup plus kaolin-pectin on radiotherapy-induced mucositis.
Tongue atrophy in mixed connective tissue disease.
A multifocal schwannoma of the masseteric nerve causing hemicrania.
Prospective observations of 100 high-risk neonates by high-field (1.5 Tesla) magnetic resonance imaging of the central nervous system: I. Intraventricular and extracerebral lesions.
Prospective observations of 100 high-risk neonates by high-field (1.5 Tesla) magnetic resonance imaging of the central nervous system. II. Lesions associated with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy.
Actigraphic home-monitoring sleep-disturbed and control infants and young children: a new method for pediatric assessment of sleep-wake patterns.
Night waking during infancy: role of parental presence at bedtime.
Genetic flanking markers refine diagnostic criteria and provide insights into the genetics of Von Hippel Lindau disease.
Multiple noncontiguous spine fractures.
Compressive neuropathy of spinal nerve roots. A mechanical or biological problem?
Toward a rational therapeutic strategy for arachnoiditis. A possible role for d-penicillamine.
The effect of omental pedicle graft transfer on spinal microcirculation and laminectomy membrane formation.
Ocular motor abnormalities from head trauma.
Alcohol consumption--a risk factor for hemorrhagic and non-hemorrhagic stroke.
Diphenylhydantoin-induced hypogammaglobulinemia in a patient infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Presymptomatic and prenatal diagnosis of myotonic muscular dystrophy with linked DNA probes.
Ultrastructural study of Norrie's disease.
Early-onset autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa with severe hyperopia.
Intraocular pressure and the rate of visual field loss in chronic open-angle glaucoma.
Rosenthal fibers share epitopes with alpha B-crystallin, glial fibrillary acidic protein, and ubiquitin, but not with vimentin. Immunoelectron microscopy with colloidal gold.
Expression of neural cell adhesion molecule in normal and neoplastic human neuroendocrine tissues.
Microvascular sequestration of parasitized erythrocytes in human falciparum malaria: a pathological study.
Intraspinal transplants.
Genetic mapping of "Lubag" (X-linked dystonia-parkinsonism) in a Filipino kindred to the pericentromeric region of the X chromosome.
Tests of EEG localization accuracy using implanted sources in the human brain.
HLA class II antigens and DNA restriction fragment length polymorphism in myasthenia gravis in Japan.
Hippocampal sclerosis in temporal lobe epilepsy demonstrated by magnetic resonance imaging.
Loss of chromosome 22 alleles in human sporadic spinal schwannomas.
Capillary prolactin measurement for diagnosis of seizures.
Effects of head trauma from motor vehicle accidents on Parkinson's disease.
Continuous muscle fiber activity, peripheral neuropathy, and thymoma.
Regional variation in brain lactate in Leigh syndrome by localized 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Cerebrospinal fluid dynamics in the tardive cauda equina syndrome of ankylosing spondylitis.
Cardiopulmonary perfusion and cerebral blood flow in bilateral carotid artery disease
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome in Parkinson's disease after withdrawal or alteration of dopaminergic therapy.
Histochemical demonstration of 5'-nucleotidase activity in inflammatory muscle disease.
Compensatory mechanisms in degenerative neurologic diseases. Insights from parkinsonism.
Corpus callosotomy for intractable seizures in the pediatric age group.
Intraputaminal infusion of nerve growth factor to support adrenal medullary autografts in Parkinson's disease. One-year follow-up of first clinical trial.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension without papilledema.
Standard and controlled-release levodopa/carbidopa in patients with fluctuating Parkinson's disease on a protein redistribution diet. A preliminary report.
Neuroanatomic differences between dyslexic and normal readers on magnetic resonance imaging scans.
Hypothalamic or central obesity is associated with an early rise in plasma insulin concentration.
Right parietal stroke with Gerstmann's syndrome. Appearance on computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and single-photon emission computed tomography.
Neurologic complications of the tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Magnetic resonance imaging of fourth ventricular epidermoid tumors.
Visual losses after myopic epikeratoplasty.
Serum keratan sulfate. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons in inflammatory versus noninflammatory arthritides.
Severe fibromyalgia after hypophysectomy for Cushing's disease.
Events associated with rupture of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation devices.
A double-masked evaluation of lignocaine-prilocaine cream (EMLA) used to alleviate the pain of retrobulbar injection
Traumatic hyphaema: a retrospective study of 314 cases.
Use of a central 10 degrees field and size V stimulus to evaluate and monitor small central islands of vision in end stage glaucoma.
Ocular manifestations of onchocerciasis in a rain forest area of west Africa.
Bilateral homonymous visual field defects as initial manifestation of multiple sclerosis.
Prognosis and prognostic factors of retinal infarction: a prospective cohort study.
Idiopathic first seizure in adult life: who should be treated?
Cranial nerve palsy in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Strokes in African-Americans.
Strokes in Asians and Pacific-Islanders, Hispanics, and Native Americans.
Standards for analysis of ventricular late potentials using high-resolution or signal-averaged electrocardiography. A statement by a Task Force Committee of the European Society of Cardiology, the American Heart Association, and the American College of Cardiology.
Diurnal fluctuations of arterial ketone body ratio in normal subjects and patients with liver dysfunction.
Liver failure occurring as a component of exertional heatstroke.
Bone scans in the diagnosis of bone crisis in patients who have Gaucher disease [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Jun;73(5):791]
A new diagnostic test for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Radial tunnel syndrome. An investigation of compression neuropathy as a possible cause.
Musculoskeletal problems in association with cloacal exstrophy.
The efficacy of suction drains after routine total joint arthroplasty [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Jun;73(5):791]
Otogenic Fusobacterium necrophorum meningitis.
Radiology for cochlear implants.
Sleep apnoea syndrome associated with maxillofacial abnormalities.
Surgical treatment of the retethered spinal cord after repair of lipomyelomeningocele.
Venous infarction following the interhemispheric approach in patients with acute subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Intraoperative ultrasonography: an important surgical adjunct for intramedullary tumors.
Brain-stem auditory evoked responses in 56 patients with acoustic neurinoma.
Evidence against leukotrienes as mediators of brain edema.
Solitary dorsal intramedullary schwannoma. Case report.
Lymphocytic adenohypophysitis presenting as infertility. Case report.
Percutaneous thecoperitoneal shunt for syringomyelia. Report of three cases.
Epilepsy.
Absence of autoantibodies in primary fibromyalgia.
Normal pressure hydrocephalus in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Acute central nervous system complications after pulse steroid therapy in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Neuropathy, myopathy and destructive arthropathy in primary hypothyroidism.
Bilateral impairment of somesthetically mediated object recognition in humans
Selective peripheral denervation for torticollis: preliminary results
A randomized clinical study of a calcium-entry blocker (lidoflazine) in the treatment of comatose survivors of cardiac arrest. Brain Resuscitation Clinical Trial II Study Group
Left neglect for near but not far space in man.
The effect of magnesium sulfate on the biophysical profile of normal term fetuses.
A randomized clinical trial to compare two different approaches in women with chronic pelvic pain.
Posterior chamber IOL implantation with suboptimal posterior capsular support.
The tissue origin of low back pain and sciatica: a report of pain response to tissue stimulation during operations on the lumbar spine using local anesthesia.
Blood supply of nerve roots and dorsal root ganglia.
The significance of venous return impairment in ischemic radiculopathy and myelopathy.
Pathophysiology of sciatica.
Neurogenic and nonneurogenic pain and inflammatory mediators.
Amnestic effects in mice of four synthetic peptides homologous to amyloid beta protein from patients with Alzheimer disease.
Cloning of a leucine-zipper protein recognized by the sera of patients with antibody-associated paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration.
Portal-systemic encephalopathy: presence of basal ganglia lesions with high signal intensity on MR images.
Stroke in a young adult with Fletcher trait.
A video system for investigating breathing disorders during sleep.
Predictors and prevalence of obstructive sleep apnoea and snoring in 1001 middle aged men.
Psammomatous melanotic schwannoma: an additional component of Carney's complex. Report of a case.
Cladosporium trichoides cerebral phaeohyphomycosis in a liver transplant recipient. Report of a case.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis and pulmonary sarcoidosis. Report of a case.
Intraspinal neurothekeoma (nerve sheath myxoma). A report of two cases.
Autosomal dominant deletions of the mitochondrial genome in a case of progressive encephalomyopathy.
Germ-line deletions of mtDNA in mitochondrial myopathy.
Linkage analysis in spinal muscular atrophy, by six closely flanking markers on chromosome 5.
Ultrasonography in the diagnosis of gynecologic disorders.
Validity of cerebrovascular mortality rates.
Low-dose aspirin therapy for chronic stable angina. A randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Optimal dose of lignocaine for preventing pain on injection of propofol.
Bacterial meningitis following spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section.
The effect of palliative radiation therapy on epidural compression due to metastatic malignant melanoma.
Headaches due to spontaneous internal carotid artery dissection magnetic resonance imaging evaluation and follow up.
The relationship of cocaine to headache in polysubstance abusers.
"Hemicrania continua": a clinical review.
Psychophysiological parameters of migraine and muscle-contraction headaches.
The role of family structure, functioning, and pain modeling in headache.
Bioelectrical impedance assay (BIA) of total body composition in alcohol-induced migraine patients. Preliminary report.
Thallium-201 scintigraphy after intravenous infusion of adenosine compared with exercise thallium testing in the diagnosis of coronary artery disease
Acute catastrophic complications of balloon aortic valvuloplasty. The Mansfield Scientific Aortic Valvuloplasty Registry Investigators.
Expression of human HLA-B27 transgene alters susceptibility to murine Theiler's virus-induced demyelination.
Determinant selection in murine experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis. Effect of the bm12 mutation on T cell recognition of acetylcholine receptor epitopes.
Severe sepsis following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Cause-specific mortality among physicians with differing life-styles.
Risk factors for falls as a cause of hip fracture in women. The Northeast Hip Fracture Study Group.
Optic neuropathy and central nervous system disease secondary to Sjogren's syndrome in a child.
Idiopathic photoreceptor dysfunction causes unexplained visual acuity loss in later adulthood.
Low power laser biostimulation of chronic oro-facial pain. A double-blind placebo controlled cross-over study in 40 patients.
Hypalgesic efficacy of acupuncture on experimental pain in man. Comparison of laser acupuncture and needle acupuncture.
Memory and pain: tests of mood congruity and state dependent learning in experimentally induced and clinical pain.
Dimensions of pain-related cognitive coping: cross-validation of the factor structure of the Coping Strategy Questionnaire.
A novel behavioral model of neuropathic pain disorders produced in rats by partial sciatic nerve injury.
Pain and vascular reflexes in man elicited by prolonged noxious mechano-stimulation.
Comparison of the effects of ureteral calculosis and occlusion on muscular sensitivity to painful stimulation in rats.
Electrophysiologic recording and thermodynamic modeling demonstrate that helium-neon laser irradiation does not affect peripheral Adelta- or C-fiber nociceptors.
Management of the medial canthal tendon in nasoethmoid orbital fractures: the importance of the central fragment in classification and treatment.
Gold weight lid load as a secondary procedure.
Quadrilateral space syndrome: diagnosis and operative decompression technique.
Listeriosis in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Cerebral sparganosis: case report and review.
Nocardial meningitis: case reports and review.
Patterns of morbidity and mortality in typhoid fever dependent on age and gender: review of 552 hospitalized patients with diarrhea.
The incontinent myelodysplastic patient.
Treatment of voiding complaints and incontinence in painful bladder syndrome.
Conventional MR neuroangiography.
Electrophysiologic effects and clinical hazards of carbamazepine treatment for neurologic disorders in patients with abnormalities of the cardiac conduction system.
Ventriculoatrial shunts for hydrocephalus and cardiac valvulopathy: an echocardiographic evaluation.
Comorbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with conduct, depressive, anxiety, and other disorders.
Implications of self-reported cognitive and motor dysfunction in HIV-positive patients.
Hypnotically induced auditory hallucinations and the mouth-opening maneuver: a failure to duplicate findings.
Not all that moves is tardive dyskinesia.
Cell population depletion associated with fetal alcohol brain damage: mechanisms of BAC-dependent cell loss.
Dichotic asymmetries in aging and alcoholic subjects.
Dendritic hypertrophy in Purkinje neurons of old Fischer 344 rats after long-term ethanol treatment.
The adrenocortical response to brain injury: correlation with the severity of neurologic dysfunction, effects of intoxication, and patient outcome.
Prenatal alcohol exposure and language development.
Prolongation of the pharmacologic effect of intrathecal meperidine by the use of a lipid solution of it.
Mortality in acute cerebral infarction in young adults--a ten-year experience.
The effects of alcohol on the female brain: a neuropathological study.
Salmonella meningitis and infection with HIV.
Plantar fasciitis. Etiology, treatment, surgical results, and review of the literature.
Cauda equina compression associated with breast cancer. A case study in differential diagnosis.
Is it time to use evoked potentials to predict outcome in comatose children and adults?
Hemorrhage and intracranial hypertension in combination increase cerebral production of thromboxane A2.
Does oximetry contribute to the detection of apneic events? Mathematical processing of the SaO2 signal.
Acute pulmonary hypertensive crisis in a patient with primary pulmonary hypertension treated by both epoprostenol (prostacyclin) and nitroprusside.
Metastatic melanoma to the heart presenting with ventricular tachycardia.
Effect of anticoagulant on biocompatibility in membrane plasmapheresis.
Importance of ulceration of carotid plaque in determining symptoms of cerebral ischemia.
Acoustic neuroma (schwannoma) surgery 1978-1990.
Neurogenic sarcoma of the sinonasal tract.
Fracture line in post head injury optic nerve damage.
Transethmoid decompression of the optic nerve in head injuries: an update.
Sensorineural hearing loss and the Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome.
Unusual cause of intranasal injury.
SPECT, MRI and cognitive functions in multiple sclerosis.
Neurofibrillary tangles in dementia pugilistica are ubiquitinated.
Cerebrospinal fluid tumour markers in patients treated for meningeal malignancy.
Physiological analysis of simple rapid movements in patients with cerebellar deficits.
Biomechanical changes at the ankle joint after stroke.
Motor inhibition from the brainstem is normal in torsion dystonia during REM sleep.
The interpretation of dysprosody in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Prognosis for recovery from prolonged posttraumatic unawareness: logistic analysis.
Diffuse Lewy body disease presenting with a supranuclear gaze palsy.
Cogan's syndrome complicated by lacunar brain infarcts.
Spontaneous haematomyelia: a necropsy study.
The transmandibular implant: a 13-year survey of its use.
Head-up tilt for the evaluation of syncope of unknown origin in children.
Eight-year outcome in infants with birth weight of 500 to 999 grams: continuing regional study of 1979 and 1980 births. Victorian Infant Collaborative Study Group.
Nursery Neurobiologic Risk Score: important factor in predicting outcome in very low birth weight infants.
Effects of DM-9384, a cyclic derivative of GABA, on amnesia and decreases in GABAA and muscarinic receptors induced by cycloheximide.
Tonic pain perception in the mouse: differential modulation by three receptor-selective opioid agonists.
The use of CT scanning to triage patients requiring admission following minimal head injury.
Evaluation of the patient presenting with headache.
The radiology of headache.
Migraine headaches.
Migraine equivalents and complicated migraine.
Diagnosis and treatment of cluster headache.
Diagnosis and treatment of muscle contraction (tension-type) headaches.
Diagnosis and treatment of cranial neuralgias.
Headaches due to cerebrovascular disease.
Concomitant medical disease and headache.
Posttraumatic headache and the postconcussion syndrome.
Headaches in adolescents. Diagnosis and management.
Diagnosis and treatment of headache in the elderly.
Otorhinolaryngologic causes of headache.
Ophthalmologic aspects of headache.
Psychiatric aspects of headache.
Drug abuse and headache.
Cough, exertional, and other miscellaneous headaches.
Emergency treatment of headache.
Pathogenesis of migraine.
Clustering of features of von Hippel-Lindau syndrome: evidence for a complex genetic locus
Clinical follow-up and immunogenetic studies of 32 patients with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Experimental pain thresholds and plasma beta-endorphin levels during exercise.
Effect of immersion on residual volume of able-bodied and spinal cord injured males.
Linkage of a gene causing familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis to chromosome 21 and evidence of genetic-locus heterogeneity [published errata appear in N Engl J Med 1991 Jul 4;325(1):71 and 1991 Aug 15;325(7):524]
Etiology of autism: genetic influences.
Dementing illness: the patient, caregiver and community.
Clomipramine for obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Cryptococcal pleural effusion preceding cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS.
A population-based study of ocular abnormalities in premature children aged 5 to 10 years.
Visual field defects in diabetic patients with primary open-angle glaucoma.
The EEG as a monitor of midazolam amnesia: changes in power and topography as a function of amnesic state.
Naloxone-sensitive, pregnancy-induced changes in behavioral responses to colorectal distention: pregnancy-induced analgesia to visceral stimulation.
Association of leptomeningeal carcinomatosis in carcinoma of the breast with infiltrating lobular carcinoma. An autopsy study.
Access to health care. One neurologist's perspective.
Access to neurological care for minorities.
Delayed visual loss due to trauma of the internal carotid artery.
Acute pseudobulbar or suprabulbar palsy.
Regional cerebral blood flow in developmental stutterers.
Glutethimide treatment of disabling action tremor in patients with multiple sclerosis and traumatic brain injury.
Altered cutaneous sensation in trigeminal neuralgia.
Clinical issues relating to the diagnosis of mild dementia in a British community survey.
Cerebral structure on magnetic resonance imaging in language- and learning-impaired children.
Allochiria vs allesthesia. Is there a misperception?
Germ cell tumors masquerading as central nervous system sarcoidosis.
Stroke and hypertension and its prevention.
Smell and taste disorders, a study of 750 patients from the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center.
Hemifacial spasm. Occurrence in multiple sclerosis.
Prevalence of migraine in low-tension glaucoma and primary open-angle glaucoma in Japanese.
Extraocular muscle surgery in myasthenia gravis.
Optic nerve hypoplasia, encephalopathy, and neurodevelopmental handicap.
Ethnic differences in mortality from ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease in England and Wales.
The bladder cooling test for urodynamic assessment: analysis of 400 examinations.
Intra-arterial thrombolytic therapy in the management of acute and chronic limb ischaemia.
Intraoperative defect in haemostasis in a child receiving valproic acid.
Diurnal blood pressure variation in quadriplegic chronic spinal cord injury patients.
Diclofenac delays healing of gastroduodenal mucosal lesions. Double-blind, placebo-controlled endoscopic study in healthy volunteers.
Increased circulating levels of bromocriptine after vaginal compared with oral administration.
Uncommon neurologic complications of burns in infants: a parkinsonian extrapyramidal disorder and massive cerebral infarction.
Temperature-dependent modulation of lipopolysaccharide-induced interleukin-1 beta and tumor necrosis factor alpha expression in cultured human astroglial cells by dexamethasone and indomethacin.
Spontaneous hepatic copper accumulation in Long-Evans Cinnamon rats with hereditary hepatitis. A model of Wilson's disease.
Maple syrup urine disease. Complete defect of the E1 beta subunit of the branched chain alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase complex due to a deletion of an 11-bp repeat sequence which encodes a mitochondrial targeting leader peptide in a family with the disease.
A controlled study of disruptive vocalizations among geriatric residents in nursing homes.
Short- and long-term psychological status following stroke. Short form MMPI results.
A new mouse mutant with progressive motor neuronopathy.
Reactive astrogliosis is widespread in the subcortical white matter of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis brain.
Predicting the outcomes of electrophysiologic studies of patients with unexplained syncope: preliminary validation of a derived model.
Visual impairment and cognitive dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
Acquired Brown's syndrome associated with hypogammaglobulinemia.
The relationship of pain and deformity of the rheumatoid foot to gait and an index of functional ambulation.
Controlled trial of hypnotherapy in the treatment of refractory fibromyalgia.
Primary soft tissue tumours of the pelvis causing referred pain in the leg.
Randomised study of antiepileptic drug withdrawal in patients in remission. Medical Research Council Antiepileptic Drug Withdrawal Study Group
Perceptual filling in of artificially induced scotomas in human vision.
Evaluation of optic nerve sheath fenestration in pseudotumor cerebri using automated perimetry.
Cerebral infarction verified by cranial computed tomography and prognosis for survival following transient ischemic attack.
Early treatment of ischemic stroke with a calcium antagonist.
Leukoaraiosis and ventricular enlargement in patients with ischemic stroke.
Surgical risk of hemorrhage in cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
Rupture of the internal elastic lamina and vascular fragility in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Time course of intracellular edema and epileptiform activity following prenatal cerebral ischemia in sheep.
Factors influencing admission blood pressure levels in patients with acute stroke.
Waking and rising at night as a trigger of myocardial ischemia.
Cytologic manifestations of ballistic injury.
Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis associated with infantile spasms in five mentally retarded children: a morphological analysis on mesangiolysis.
Lewy bodies are immunoreactive with antibodies raised to gelsolin related amyloid-Finnish type.
Interrelationship between activation of dopaminergic pathways and cerebrospinal fluid concentration of dopamine tetrahydroisoquinoline metabolite salsolinol in humans: preliminary findings.
Emergency department treatment of alcohol withdrawal seizures with phenytoin.
The effect of positive reinforcement on hourly compliance in nasal continuous positive airway pressure users with obstructive sleep apnea.
Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty in obstructive apnea. Value of preoperative localization of site of upper airway narrowing during sleep.
Validity of diurnal sleep recording in the diagnosis of sleep apnea syndrome.
Fetal phenytoin exposure, hypoplastic nails, and jitteriness.
Certified cause of death in children and young adults with cerebral palsy.
Pain and measles, mumps, and rubella vaccination.
Autoimmune Addison's disease and thyrotoxic thyroiditis presenting as encephalopathy in twins.
Birthweight ratio revisited.
The influence of severity of spinal cord ischemia in the etiology of delayed-onset paraplegia.
Evaluating quality, cost-effective health care. Vascular database predicated on hospital discharge abstracts.
Cessation of driving and unsafe motor vehicle operation by dementia patients.
Dementia. Age-dependent incidence, prevalence, and mortality in the old old.
Socioeconomic status and visual impairment among urban Americans. Baltimore Eye Survey Research Group.
Treatment of primary fibrositis/fibromyalgia syndrome with ibuprofen and alprazolam. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome of the lower limbs in renal transplant patients treated with cyclosporin A.
Reversal of benzodiazepine sedation with the antagonist flumazenil.
Influence of the lumbar interspace chosen for injection on the spread of hyperbaric 0.5% bupivacaine.
By how much does dietary salt reduction lower blood pressure? III--Analysis of data from trials of salt reduction [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Apr 20;302(6782):939]
Mortality, neoplasia, and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in patients treated with human pituitary growth hormone in the United Kingdom
Myasthenia gravis in mothers and their newborns.
A case of pheochromocytoma associated with meningioma.
Longitudinal study of cerebral spinal fluid drainage in polyethylene glycol-conjugated superoxide dismutase in paraplegia associated with thoracic aortic cross-clamping.
Delayed sleep phase syndrome response to melatonin.
MRC European Carotid Surgery Trial: interim results for symptomatic patients with severe (70-99%) or with mild (0-29%) carotid stenosis. European Carotid Surgery Trialists' Collaborative Group
New autonomic and sensory neuropathy with loss of adrenergic sympathetic function and sensory neuropeptides.
Prevalence of chronic migraine headaches--United States, 1980-1989.
Invited review: electrodiagnostic assessment and monitoring of motor unit changes in disease.
Midbrain vs. pontine medial longitudinal fasciculus lesions: the utilization of masseter and blink reflexes.
Peripheral neuropathy in cold agglutinin disease.
Light and electron microscopic studies on localization of myoglobin in skeletal muscle cells in neuromuscular diseases.
The beneficial effects of early dexamethasone administration in infants and children with bacterial meningitis.
"Early" initiation of levodopa treatment does not promote the development of motor response fluctuations, dyskinesias, or dementia in Parkinson's disease.
Acute effects of pulsatile levodopa administration on central dopamine pharmacodynamics.
Severity and specificity of cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's, Huntington's, and Parkinson's diseases and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Hemianesthesia, sensory neglect, and defective access to conscious experience.
Induction of speech arrest and counting errors with rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Relapsing transverse myelitis.
Linkage analysis of juvenile parkinsonism to tyrosine hydroxylase gene locus on chromosome 11.
Encephalo-myelo-radiculo-ganglionitis presenting as pandysautonomia.
Biopterin-dependent hyperphenylalaninemia due to deficiency of 6-pyruvoyl tetrahydropterin synthase.
Interactions between calcium channel blockers and the anticonvulsants carbamazepine and phenytoin.
Outcome of psychogenic seizures in children and adolescents compared with adults.
Acute pandysautonomic neuropathy.
Treatment of Parkinson's disease with proglumide, a CCK antagonist.
Legionella myositis.
Von Hippel-Lindau disease and erythrocytosis: radioimmunoassay of erythropoietin in cyst fluid from a brainstem hemangioblastoma.
Management of middle third facial fractures.
Management of complicated fractures involving the orbits and nasoethmoid complex in young children.
Management of severe frontobasilar skull fractures.
Traumatic anterior fossa cerebrospinal fluid fistulae and craniofacial considerations.
Management of nasal fractures.
Management of traumatic injuries to the facial nerve.
Management of patients with facial trauma and associated ocular/orbital injuries.
Management of panfacial fractures.
Peripheral white blood cell counts and bacterial meningitis: implications regarding diagnostic efficacy in febrile children.
Test-retest reliability of isokinetic knee extension and flexion torque measurements in persons with spastic hemiparesis.
Nonneoplastic enhancing lesions mimicking intracanalicular acoustic neuroma on gadolinium-enhanced MR images.
Primary central nervous system lymphoma versus toxoplasmosis in AIDS.
von Hippel-Lindau disease: inadequacy of angiography for identification of renal cancers.
Evidence from cadavers suggestive of entrapment of fifth lumbar spinal nerves by lumbosacral ligaments.
The fixateur interne in the reduction and stabilization of thoracolumbar spine fractures in patients with neurologic deficit.
Symptomatic intrasellar arachnoid cyst: case report.
Syringomyelia secondary to congenital intraspinal lipoma.
Spinal leptomeningeal metastasis from cerebral glioblastoma. Appearance on magnetic resonance imaging.
Clinical survey of ischemic cerebrovascular disease in children in a district of Japan.
Changing rates of stroke in the province of Quebec, Canada: 1981-1988.
Twenty-four-hour variation of blood pressure in vascular dementia of the Binswanger type.
Leukoaraiosis correlates with cerebral hypoperfusion in vascular dementia.
Thalamic atrophy following cerebral infarction in the territory of the middle cerebral artery.
Effect of recirculation on exacerbation of ischemic vascular lesions in rat brain.
Amphetamine promotes recovery from sensory-motor integration deficit after thrombotic infarction of the primary somatosensory rat cortex.
Nimodipine and bradycardia in acute stroke--drug or disease?
Temporal arteritis: an atypical presentation.
Recent advances in MR imaging/spectroscopy of cerebral ischemia.
Gastric emptying in human disease states.
Unexplained syncope evaluated by electrophysiologic studies and head-up tilt testing.
Bilateral central retinal vein occlusion as an initial manifestation of pseudotumor cerebri.
Central retinal vein occlusion associated with drusen of the optic disc.
Home use of rectal diazepam for cluster and prolonged seizures: efficacy, adverse reactions, quality of life, and cost analysis.
Cerebral abnormalities in congenital myotonic dystrophy.
Cerebrovascular regulation and neonatal brain injury.
Partial agenesis of the anterior corpus callosum: correlation between appearance, imaging, and neuropathology.
Linear nevus sebaceous syndrome: megalencephaly and heterotopic gray matter.
Myelin splitting in the spongy lesion in Leigh encephalopathy.
Nonketotic hyperglycinemia: treatment with NMDA antagonist and consideration of neuropathogenesis.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in cerebrospinal fluid from patients with meningitis.
MSG and hydrolyzed vegetable protein induced headache: review and case studies.
The relationship between MMPI cluster membership and diagnostic category in headache patients.
The association of frequent headaches with personality and life events.
Valproate in the treatment of persistent chronic daily headache. An open label study.
Recurrent prolonged coma due to basilar artery migraine. A case report.
The differential effects of biofeedback in the treatment of menstrual and nonmenstrual migraine.
On pain mechanisms in cluster headache.
Listeria meningitis and pate.
Stability of buffered lidocaine and epinephrine used for local anesthesia.
Two studies of pacing in the nursing home.
Disability, residential mobility, and changes in living arrangements.
Epilepsy and employment. A community based survey in an area of high unemployment.
Abnormal most-rapid isometric contractions in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Normal P300 following extensive damage to the left medial temporal lobe.
Prior poliomyelitis-reduced capillary supply and metabolic enzyme content in hypertrophic slow-twitch (type I) muscle fibres.
Suprascapular nerve lesions at the spinoglenoid notch: report of three cases and review of the literature.
The "make/break test" as a diagnostic tool in functional weakness.
CSF monoamine metabolites, cholinesterases and lactate in the adult hydrocephalus syndrome (normal pressure hydrocephalus) related to CSF hydrodynamic parameters.
Carcinomatous meningitis: antibody-guided therapy with I-131 HMFG1.
Value of a programmed investigation unit: an audit study.
Management of adipsia by a behavioural modification technique.
Excessive sweating: an uncommon sign of basilar artery occlusion.
Intermittent long-term adrenocorticosteroid treatment of myasthenia gravis.
Plasma profiles of adrenocorticotropic hormone, cortisol, growth hormone and prolactin in patients with untreated Parkinson's disease.
Transient loss of consciousness: the value of the history for distinguishing seizure from syncope.
Blindness as an ictal phenomenon: investigations with EEG and SPECT in two patients suffering from epilepsy.
Polyneuropathy induced by m-tolyl methyl carbamate intoxication.
Brainstem compression by basilar artery anomalies as visualized by MRI.
Ischaemic myelopathy secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation in AIDS.
Retinal migraine, chorea, and retinal artery thrombosis in a patient with primary antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
Good-quality semen recovered from a paraplegic man with physostigmine salicylate treatment. A case report.
Traumatic facial injuries with steering wheel loading.
Carotid endarterectomy in elderly patients
Retrolabyrinthine vestibular nerve section: efficacy in disorders other than Meniere's disease.
Aspirin in the prevention of thrombosis.
Acoustic discrimination of three types of infant cries.
When migraine is more than a headache. Stroke in a young patient.
Recent developments in the diagnosis and management of patients with transient ischaemic attacks and minor ischaemic strokes.
A prospective study to evaluate the dose of vitamin D required to correct low 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels, calcium, and alkaline phosphatase in patients at risk of developing antiepileptic drug-induced osteomalacia.
Instability of a 550-base pair DNA segment and abnormal methylation in fragile X syndrome.
Fragile X genotype characterized by an unstable region of DNA.
Body fat, coronary heart disease, and stroke in Japanese men.
Carotid endarterectomy in a community hospital: a change in physicians' practice patterns.
Outcome in children who nearly drown: a British Isles study
Epilepsy: disappearing lesions appearing in the United Kingdom
Prognostic factors in the conservative treatment of ureteric stones.
Carotid endarterectomy in Great Britain and Ireland: trends and current practice.
Extracranial-intracranial bypass to reduce the risk of ischemic stroke.
Animal models of fulminant hepatic failure.
Human hepatocyte growth factor in blood of patients with fulminant hepatic failure. I. Clinical aspects.
Insulin and glucagon levels in fulminant hepatic failure in man.
Factors affecting decisions made by family members of patients with severe head injury.
Differential activation within costal diaphragm during rapid-eye-movement sleep in cats.
Differing activities of medullary respiratory neurons in eupnea and gasping.
Coordination of swallowing and respiration in unconscious subjects.
Global T wave inversion.
Ischemic colitis associated with dextroamphetamine use.
Transesophageal echocardiography: a simple method for monitoring the patency of ventriculoatrial shunts. Technical note.
Treatment of unresectable meningiomas with the antiprogesterone agent mifepristone.
Benign intrinsic tectal "tumors" in children.
Suprascapular nerve entrapment. A series of 27 cases.
Bilateral cerebellopontine angle tumors in neurofibromatosis type 2.
Somatosensory function following dorsal root entry zone lesions in patients with neurogenic pain or spasticity.
Developmental anterobasal temporal encephalocele and temporal lobe epilepsy.
Interstitial delivery of dexamethasone in the brain for the reduction of peritumoral edema.
Estramustine binding protein in human brain-tumor tissue.
Magnetic resonance imaging of vertebrobasilar ectasia in tic convulsif. Case report.
Staurosporine facilitates recovery from the basal forebrain-lesion-induced impairment of learning and deficit of cholinergic neuron in rats.
Pregnancy-induced changes in drug metabolism in epileptic women.
A 2-year experience with the Wolf piezoelectric lithotripter: impact of repeat treatment on results and complications.
Treatment of acute migraine with subcutaneous sumatriptan.
Syndrome of the cervical plexus caused by high cervical nerve root compression.
Second operation after the failure of previous resection for epilepsy.
Intrathecal morphine for postoperative analgesia in children after selective dorsal root rhizotomy.
Delayed hearing loss after surgery for acoustic neurinomas: clinical and electrophysiological observations.
Progressive deterioration of auditory evoked potentials after excision of an acoustic neurinoma: case report.
Lymphoproliferative lesion of the hypoglossal nerve: case report.
Acute atraumatic subdural hematoma associated with moyamoya disease in an African-American.
Intracranial arteriovenous fistula manifesting as progressive neurological deterioration in an infant: case report.
Intelligence at six years in relation to neonatal bilirubin levels: follow-up of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Clinical Trial of Phototherapy.
Sleep apnea in infants who succumb to the sudden infant death syndrome.
Peer problems in Tourette's disorder.
Persistent extrapyramidal syndrome with dystonia and rigidity caused by combined metoclopramide and prochlorperazine therapy.
Multi-infarct dementia, subcortical dementia, and hydrocephalus.
The perception of angina in diabetes: relation to somatic pain threshold and autonomic function.
Aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis in persons aged 80 years and over.
Detection of alcoholism in hospitalized children and their families
Brain and ocular abnormalities in infants with in utero exposure to cocaine and other street drugs.
Segregation analysis reveals evidence of a major gene for Alzheimer disease.
Fragile X syndrome: diagnosis using highly polymorphic microsatellite markers.
A novel mutation in the invariant AG of the acceptor splice site of intron 4 of the beta-hexosaminidase alpha-subunit gene in two unrelated American black GM2-gangliosidosis (Tay-Sachs disease) patients.
The role of the transcerebellar view in the detection of fetal central nervous system anomaly.
The effect of sterile water blocks on low back labor pain.
The serotonin syndrome.
Solvent-associated olfactory dysfunction: not a predictor of deficits in learning and memory.
Elevation of plasma concentrations of haloperidol after the addition of fluoxetine.
Isolation of Jamestown Canyon virus from boreal Aedes mosquitoes from the Sierra Nevada of California.
The value of immunological approaches to the diagnosis of schistosomal myelopathy.
Treatment of 813 zygoma-lateral orbital complex fractures. New aspects.
Schwannomas of the paranasal sinuses. Case report and clinicopathologic analysis.
Ablepharon macrostomia syndrome.
Magnetic resonance imaging of spinal trauma.
Patient dose and associated risk due to radiological investigation of the internal auditory meatus.
Failure to awaken after general anaesthesia secondary to paradoxical venous embolus.
Anaesthetic-induced ventricular tachyarrhythmia in Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome.
Perioperative stroke. Part I: General surgery, carotid artery disease, and carotid endarterectomy.
Treatment of snoring and obstructive sleep apnea with a dental orthosis.
Obstructive sleep apnea complicating negative-pressure ventilatory support in patients with chronic paralytic/restrictive ventilatory dysfunction.
Termination of central sleep apnea episodes by upper airway stimulation using intermittent positive pressure ventilation.
Elevated serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha after bronchoscopy and bronchoalveolar lavage.
Deglutition syncope with coexistent carotid sinus hypersensitivity.
A qualitative approach to primary care research: the long interview.
Survival of patients with dementia.
Factors relevant to preventing embolic stroke in patients with non-rheumatic atrial fibrillation.
The Foot Function Index: a measure of foot pain and disability.
Psychological distress and diagnostic subgroups of temporomandibular disorder patients.
The contributions of interpersonal conflict to chronic pain in the presence or absence of organic pathology.
Situational and psychophysiological factors in psychologically induced pain.
Neglected topics in the treatment of chronic pain patients--relapse, noncompliance, and adherence enhancement.
Pain and impairment beliefs in chronic low back pain: validation of the Pain and Impairment Relationship Scale (PAIRS).
Depression in spouses of chronic pain patients: the role of patient pain and anger, and marital satisfaction.
The effects of experimenter gender on pain report in male and female subjects.
Iontophoresis versus subcutaneous injection: a comparison of two methods of local anesthesia delivery in children.
Sympathetically maintained pain of the digits in porphyria cutanea tarda relieved by i.v. regional guanethidine.
The 'tonic' pain-related behaviour seen in mononeuropathic rats is modulated by morphine and naloxone.
Ophthalmoplegia with headache. Be aware of diabetes.
Lower limb problems in diabetic patients. What are the causes? What are the remedies?
The peroxisome and the eye.
Verapamil and migraine prophylaxis: mechanisms and efficacy.
Prediction of neurodevelopmental outcome in infants with and without bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Isolated neurofibromas of the conjunctiva.
Leptomeningeal dissemination of optic pathway gliomas in three children.
Optic nerve sheath decompression for the treatment of progressive nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy.
The effect of preoperative flurbiprofen on miosis produced by acetylcholine during cataract surgery.
Orthostatic vital signs in emergency department patients.
Cocaine-related symptoms in patients presenting to an urban emergency department.
Rectal thiopental compared with intramuscular meperidine, promethazine, and chlorpromazine for pediatric sedation.
Acute traumatic cervical epidural hematoma from a stab wound.
Infantile meningitis in England and Wales: a two year study.
Teratogenic effect of carbamazepine.
Acute health effects in a community after a release of hydrofluoric acid.
J. Maxwell Chamberlain Memorial Paper. Role of staging in prognosis and management of thymoma.
Reducing postischemic paraplegia using conjugated superoxide dismutase.
Clues and pitfalls in stereotactic biopsy of the central nervous system.
Vegetative state after closed-head injury. A Traumatic Coma Data Bank Report.
Incidence and prevalence of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in Harris County, Texas, 1985-1988.
Estimated prevalence of dementia among elderly black and white community residents.
Sclerosing vasculopathy of the central nervous system in nonelderly demented patients.
Regional cerebral blood flow correlates of language processes in reading disability.
Validation of a clinical antisaccadic eye movement test in the assessment of dementia.
Literary neurologic syndromes. Alice in Wonderland.
Opercular cheiro-oral syndrome.
Observer variation in assessing neurophysical signs among patients with head injuries.
Needle electromyographic evaluation of patients with myofascial or fibromyalgic pain.
Twenty four hour heart rate variability: effects of posture, sleep, and time of day in healthy controls and comparison with bedside tests of autonomic function in diabetic patients.
Experimental arterial thrombosis in nonhuman primates.
Evaluating painful osteopenia in the elderly.
Post-traumatic cholesteatoma.
Rare presentation of a parapharyngeal schwannoma.
Continuous venovenous hemofiltration in the management of acute decompensation in inborn errors of metabolism.
Phenotypic heterogeneity in the syndromes of 3-methylglutaconic aciduria.
Tissue polypeptide antigen activity in cerebrospinal fluid: a marker of central nervous system metastases of breast cancer.
Turbinate hypertrophy in habitual snorers and patients with obstructive sleep apnea: findings of acoustic rhinometry.
Single motor end-plates in myasthenia gravis and LEMS at different firing rates.
Steroid-responsive tubular aggregate myopathy.
Quantitation of axon loss and conduction block in peroneal nerve palsies.
Human acid maltase-deficient myogenic cell transformation with origin-defective SV40: characterization of a cloned line.
Impairment of mitochondrial transcription termination by a point mutation associated with the MELAS subgroup of mitochondrial encephalomyopathies.
Preclinical detection in studies of the etiology, natural history, and treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Xenobiotic enzyme profiles and Parkinson's disease.
Catechol metabolites in the cerebrospinal fluid as possible markers in the early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
The potential use of a dopamine neuron antibody and a striatal-derived neurotrophic factor as diagnostic markers in Parkinson's disease.
Slow toxins, biologic markers, and long-latency neurodegenerative disease in the western Pacific region.
Preclinical Parkinson's disease: detection of motor and nonmotor manifestations.
Is there a premorbid personality typical for Parkinson's disease?
Odor identification deficit of the parkinsonism-dementia complex of Guam: equivalence to that of Alzheimer's and idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Genetic susceptibility to Parkinson's disease.
Abnormal liver enzyme-mediated metabolism in Parkinson's disease: a second look.
A prefecture-wide survey of mumps meningitis associated with measles, mumps and rubella vaccine.
Treatment of meningitis and other infections due to ampicillin-resistant Haemophilus influenzae type b in children.
Neisseria lactamica meningitis following skull trauma.
Infections with Chryseomonas luteola (CDC group Ve-1) and Flavimonas oryzihabitans (CDC group Ve-2) in neurosurgical patients.
Serious infections involving the CDC group Ve bacteria Chryseomonas luteola and Flavimonas oryzihabitans.
Group C streptococcal bacteremia: analysis of 88 cases.
Hypopituitarism.
Facial dystonia, essential blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm.
Neuroleptic drug use in the nursing home: the impact of OBRA.
Early loss of astrocytes in herpes simplex virus-induced central nervous system demyelination.
Cortical dysplasia in temporal lobe epilepsy: magnetic resonance imaging correlations.
A genetic study of idiopathic focal dystonias.
A selective loss of somatostatin in the hippocampus of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Analysis of retroviral sequences in the spinal form of multiple sclerosis.
Correction of non-24-hour sleep/wake cycle by melatonin in a blind retarded boy.
A prospective study of maturity-onset diabetes mellitus and risk of coronary heart disease and stroke in women.
Successful treatment of primary amebic meningoencephalitis.
The representation of the visual field in human striate cortex. A revision of the classic Holmes map.
Causes of blindness and visual handicap in the Central African Republic.
Pattern of arterial involvement of the head, neck, and eyes in giant cell arteritis: three case reports.
Case of penetrating orbitocranial injury caused by wood.
Risk factors for stroke in middle aged British men.
Spinal cord schistosomiasis. A clinical, laboratory and radiological study, with a note on therapeutic aspects.
Deficits in strategy application following frontal lobe damage in man.
Basal temporal language area.
Ubiquitin-immunoreactive intraneuronal inclusions in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Morphology, distribution, and specificity.
A historic case of visual agnosia revisited after 40 years.
Cerebral akinetopsia (visual motion blindness). A review.
Changes in sizes of cortical and lower motor neurons in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Hereditary ataxias and paraplegias in Cantabria, Spain. An epidemiological and clinical study.
Sural nerve morphometry in diabetic autonomic and painful sensory neuropathy. A clinicopathological study.
Double dissociation of short-term and long-term memory for nonverbal material in Parkinson's disease and global amnesia. A further analysis.
Differential effect of compression-ischaemia block on warm sensation and heat-induced pain.
CNS pathology in the neurological mutant rats zitter, tremor and zitter-tremor double mutant (spontaneously epileptic rat, SER). Exaggeration of clinical and neuropathological phenotypes in SER.
Gastroesophageal reflux and upper airway diseases.
Cerebrovascular disease in hypertensive blacks.
The survival of total knee arthroplasty in patients with osteonecrosis of the medial condyle.
Fractures of the spine in diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
Occupational contact dermatitis due to acrylonitrile.
Autonomic nervous dysfunction in essential hypertension.
Descriptive epidemiologic study of epilepsy syndromes in a district of northwest Tuscany, Italy.
History of epilepsy in Chinese traditional medicine.
Classification of epilepsies and epileptic syndromes in two different samples of patients.
Nonepileptic events in childhood.
Electroencephalographic correlations of extracranial and epidural electrodes in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Long-term ambulatory cassette EEG with sphenoidal recording in complex partial seizures.
Impact of the Children's Epilepsy Program on parents.
Surgical versus medical treatment for epilepsy. I. Outcome related to survival, seizures, and neurologic deficit.
Felbamate: a clinical trial for complex partial seizures.
Clobazam in treatment of refractory epilepsy: the Canadian experience. A retrospective study. Canadian Clobazam Cooperative Group.
Effect of valproate on human cerebral glucose metabolism.
The nature of elder impairment and its impact on family caregivers' health and psychosocial functioning.
Mathematical modeling of antigen and immune complex kinetics during extracorporeal removal of autoantibody.
Evaluation of the painful shoulder. A prospective comparison of magnetic resonance imaging, computerized tomographic arthrography, ultrasonography, and operative findings.
Combined split anterior tibial-tendon transfer and intramuscular lengthening of the posterior tibial tendon. Results in patients who have a varus deformity of the foot due to spastic cerebral palsy.
Cytomegalovirus infection in Gambian mothers and their babies.
The influence of diazepam or lorazepam on the frequency of endotracheal intubation in childhood status epilepticus.
Effectiveness of nitrous oxide in a rural EMS system.
High frequency of asymptomatic visual field defects in subjects with transient ischaemic attacks or minor strokes.
Zinc sulphate therapy for Wilson's disease after acute deterioration during treatment with low-dose D-penicillamine.
Cerebral blood flow changes in migraine: methods, observations and hypotheses.
Neuroeffector functions of sensory fibres: implications for headache mechanisms and drug actions.
What is migraine? Controversy and stalemate in migraine pathophysiology.
A review of current drugs for migraine.
Pharmacology of antimigraine drugs.
5-Hydroxytryptamine and the pathophysiology of migraine.
5-HT2 receptor antagonists and migraine therapy.
5-HT3 receptor antagonists and migraine therapy.
Rationale for the use of 5-HT1-like agonists in the treatment of migraine.
The clinical diagnosis of migraine: the beginning of therapy.
Subcutaneous sumatriptan in the acute treatment of migraine. Sumatriptan International Study Group.
Somatosensory evoked potentials in intracranial hypertension: analysis of the effects of hypoxia.
Intracranial neurenteric cysts. Report of two cases.
Hemifacial spasm in an infant due to fourth ventricular ganglioglioma. Case report.
Recurrent spinal cord tethering by sacral nerve root following lipomyelomeningocele surgery. Case report.
Index for optimum ventricular catheter length. Technical note.
Paul Broca and the first craniotomy based on cerebral localization.
Cavernous malformations of the brain stem.
Stereotactic management of colloid cysts: factors predicting success.
Postoperative deficits and functional recovery following removal of tumors involving the dominant hemisphere supplementary motor area.
Carpal tunnel syndrome: surgical treatment using the Paine retinaculatome.
The preferential antagonism of pentylenetetrazole proconflict responses differentiates a class of anxiolytic benzodiazepines with potential antipanic action.
The novel competitive N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonist CGP 37849 preferentially induces phencyclidine-like behavioral effects in kindled rats: attenuation by manipulation of dopamine, alpha-1 and serotonin1A receptors.
Reversal of alcohol dependence and tolerance by a single administration of flumazenil.
Prevention of stroke by antihypertensive drug treatment in older persons with isolated systolic hypertension. Final results of the Systolic Hypertension in the Elderly Program (SHEP). SHEP Cooperative Research Group
Low-dose chemotherapy with central nervous system prophylaxis and zidovudine maintenance in AIDS-related lymphoma. A prospective multi-institutional trial.
Hyperbaric treatment of cerebral air embolism sustained during an open-heart surgical procedure
Benign positional vertigo: incidence and prognosis in a population-based study in Olmsted County, Minnesota.
Prognostic significance of computed tomography of the brain in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Genetic predisposition to iatrogenic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Abrupt outpatient withdrawal of medication in analgesic-abusing migraineurs.
Glutathione peroxidase deficiency and childhood seizures.
Classification and natural history of clinically identifiable subtypes of cerebral infarction.
Pain in sickle cell disease. Rates and risk factors.
Guillain-Barre syndrome associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection in Zimbabwe.
Cerebrovascular complications after orthotopic liver transplantation: a clinicopathologic study.
New pathologic observations in juvenile onset parkinsonism with dystonia.
Clinical and electrodiagnostic features of X-linked recessive bulbospinal neuronopathy.
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy of childhood: treatment with high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin.
Early spontaneous hematoma in cerebral infarct: is primary cerebral hemorrhage overdiagnosed?
Neuro-ophthalmologic signs of AIDS: 50 patients.
Conjugate eye deviation: side, site, and size of the hemispheric lesion.
Cardiac sources of embolism and cerebral infarction--clinical consequences and vascular concomitants: the Lausanne Stroke Registry.
Behavioral state-specific changes in human hippocampal theta activity.
An open-label trial of fluoxetine for obsessive-compulsive disorder in Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome.
Primary progressive aphasia with focal neuronal achromasia.
Alzheimer's disease with delusions and hallucinations: neuropsychological and electroencephalographic correlates.
Factors influencing outcome of prednisone dose reduction in myasthenia gravis.
Repeat thymectomy in chronic refractory myasthenia gravis.
Cytotoxic activity in plasma from patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Somato-somatic referred pain caused by suprasegmental spinal cord tumor.
Paroxysmal tremor and orofacial dyskinesia secondary to a biopterin synthesis defect.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in a patient with a cadaveric dural graft.
The role of ultrasound in evaluation of patients with elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein: a review.
Cerebrovascular accidents complicating pregnancy and the puerperium.
Trauma history in diagnostic groups of temporomandibular disorders.
Psychological aspects of orthognathic surgery: how people respond to facial change.
The administration of folic acid to institutionalized epileptic adults with phenytoin-induced gingival hyperplasia. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel study.
Common complaints with cardiac implications in children.
The child with spells.
Pain management.
Amantadine toxicity presenting with complex ventricular ectopy and hallucinations.
Neurologic disorders and dermatologic manifestations in HIV-infected children.
Potentially lethal complications of shigellosis.
Infection of the central nervous system due to Acanthamoeba.
Mapping of DNA instability at the fragile X to a trinucleotide repeat sequence p(CCG)n.
Percutaneous stimulation of the cauda equina. A new diagnostic method in spinal stenosis.
Topographic variations in the peripheral course of the greater occipital nerve. Autopsy study with clinical correlations.
Lymphocytic adenohypophysitis: a pituitary mass lesion occurring in pregnancy. Proposal for medical treatment.
Vulvar vestibulitis: prevalence and historic features in a general gynecologic practice population.
Fetal choroid plexus cysts in the second trimester of pregnancy: a cause for concern.
Vocal cord paralysis in the Shy-Drager syndrome. A cause of postoperative respiratory obstruction.
Anaesthesia for a patient with giant axonal neuropathy.
Endogenous opiates modulate the postapnea ventilatory response in the obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
Why don't all heavy snorers have obstructive sleep apnea?
Blunt cervical spine Brown-Sequard injury. A report of three cases.
Clinical indications for cervical spine radiographs in alert trauma patients.
Primary fibromyalgia and the irritable bowel syndrome: different expressions of a common pathogenetic process.
Alternating sequential intracarotid BCNU and cisplatin in recurrent malignant glioma.
Ifosfamide extrapyramidal neurotoxicity.
Neurotoxicity of intraventricularly administered alpha-interferon for leptomeningeal disease.
Subcutaneous sumatriptan in the treatment of headache during withdrawal from drug-induced headache.
Chronic cluster headache associated with a vertebral artery aneurysm.
Migraine--why and how a cortical excitatory wave may initiate the aura and headache.
Cerebral hyperemia during spontaneous cluster headaches with excessive cerebral vasoconstriction to hyperoxia.
5-Hydroxtryptamine1D receptor agonism predicts antimigraine efficacy.
EEG and topographic frequency analysis in common and classic migraine.
Claudication: an unusual side effect of DHE administration.
Reading problems in adult chronic headache sufferers.
Psychological changes accompanying non-pharmacological treatment of chronic headache: the effects of outcome.
Pontine myelinolysis after correction of hyponatremia during burn resuscitation.
Arboviral infections in the United States.
Chick nutritional encephalomalacia and prostanoid formation.
Anaphylactic reactions during general anesthesia among pediatric patients--United States, January 1990-January 1991.
Comparison of an antiinflammatory dose of ibuprofen, an analgesic dose of ibuprofen, and acetaminophen in the treatment of patients with osteoarthritis of the knee
The long-term course of Lyme arthritis in children.
Automated pupil perimetry. Pupil field mapping in patients and normal subjects.
Magnetic resonance imaging of temporomandibular joint after surgical treatment of internal derangement.
Post-herpetic neuralgia: further post-mortem studies of cases with and without pain.
Study of experimental pain measures and nociceptive reflex in chronic pain patients and normal subjects.
The analgesic effects of caffeine in headache.
Interethnic differences in pain perception.
The "two week syndrome" associated with injection treatment for chronic pain--fact or fiction?
The Edmonton injector: a simple device for patient-controlled subcutaneous analgesia.
Idiopathic trigeminal pain associated with gustatory stimuli.
Levels of morphine and metabolites in CSF during respiratory depression after intraventricular morphine injection.
Neurokinin and NMDA antagonists (but not a kainic acid antagonist) are antinociceptive in the mouse formalin model.
The antinociceptive effects of anterior pretectal stimulation in tests using thermal, mechanical and chemical noxious stimuli.
Long-term spinal administration of morphine in cancer and non-cancer pain: a retrospective study.
An in-depth study of long-term users of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS). Implications for clinical use of TENS.
The consistency of pulse frequencies and pulse patterns of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) used by chronic pain patients.
Sex differences in the perception of noxious heat stimuli.
Self-efficacy and outcome expectancies: relationship to chronic pain coping strategies and adjustment.
Psychological events are both risk factors in, and consequences of, chronic pain.
Epidemiology of pain in New Zealand.
Disappearance of thalamic pain after parietal subcortical stroke.
The induction and maintenance of central sensitization is dependent on N-methyl-D-aspartic acid receptor activation; implications for the treatment of post-injury pain hypersensitivity states.
Synchronous hippocampal bursting reveals network excitability defects in an epilepsy gene mutation.
Hyperalgesia induced in the rat by the amino-terminal octapeptide of nerve growth factor.
Reversible inactivation of the insular cortex by tetrodotoxin produces retrograde and anterograde amnesia for inhibitory avoidance and spatial learning.
Genetic dissection of susceptibility to audiogenic seizures in inbred mice.
Exercise-induced muscle soreness after concentric and eccentric isokinetic contractions.
Extubation after transsternal thymectomy for myasthenia gravis: a prospective analysis.
Effects of acute, graded compression on spinal nerve root function and structure. An experimental study of the pig cauda equina.
Complications of the variable screw plate pedicle screw fixation.
Evaluation of extracranial-to-intracranial bypass surgery using iodine 123 iodoamphetamine single-photon emission computed tomography.
Penetrating craniocerebral missile injuries in civilians: a retrospective analysis of 314 cases.
Brucella meningoencephalitis associated with cerebrospinal fluid shunt in a child: case report.
Painful tic convulsif caused by a contralateral vertebral artery.
Posttraumatic intradiploic leptomeningeal cyst in an adult: case report.
Facial nerve monitoring by monopolar low constant current stimulation during acoustic neurinoma surgery.
Symptomatic cerebral vasospasm following tumor resection: report of two cases.
Pneumocephalus associated with benign brain tumor: report of two cases.
Histopathological studies of a new liquid embolization method using estrogen-alcohol and polyvinyl acetate. Experimental evaluations with a model of cortical arterial cannulation in the canine brain.
The course of lymphocytic hypophysitis.
Relationships between requests for psychiatric consultations and psychiatric diagnoses in long-term-care facilities.
Quantitative electroencephalography: a report on the present state of computerized EEG techniques. American Psychiatric Association Task Force on Quantitative Electrophysiological Assessment.
Asperger's syndrome: who is being abused?
Fatty infiltration in the liver in medium chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug therapy in rheumatoid arthritis patients. Lack of association between clinical improvement and effects on sleep.
Shoulder disorders in the elderly: a community survey.
Chronic neurologic manifestations of Lyme disease
Comprehensive primary health care antiepileptic drug treatment programme in rural and semi-urban Kenya. ICBERG (International Community-based Epilepsy Research Group)
Unsuspected quinine intoxication presenting as acute deafness and mutism.
gamma-Hydroxybutyrate: a health-food product producing coma and seizurelike activity.
Low back pain: review of diagnosis and therapy.
Delirium and lactic acidosis caused by ethanol and niacin coingestion.
Amino acid alterations and encephalopathy in the sepsis syndrome.
Management of hyponatremic seizures in children with hypertonic saline: a safe and effective strategy.
Sleep apnea in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Evidence for a defect in growth hormone-releasing factor signal transduction in the dwarf (dw/dw) rat pituitary.
Effects of lower limb unloading on skeletal muscle mass and function in humans.
Significance of atherosclerotic changes of the ascending aorta during coronary bypass surgery with intraoperative detection by echography.
Study of brain electrolytes and organic osmolytes during correction of chronic hyponatremia. Implications for the pathogenesis of central pontine myelinolysis.
Adjuvant effect of human growth hormone with an inactivated flavivirus vaccine.
Acute and chronic symptoms of mononucleosis.
Destructive lesions in demyelinating disease.
Late onset Krabbe's leukodystrophy: a report of four cases.
Spinal mediation of thermally induced sweating.
Neurophysiological observations on the effects of botulinum toxin treatment in patients with dystonic blepharospasm.
Post-endarterectomy headache and the role of the oculosympathetic system.
Isolated muscle hypertrophy as a sign of radicular or peripheral nerve injury.
The cognitive and psychological sequelae of uncomplicated aneurysm surgery.
Performance of age-matched controls on a battery of visuo-spatial neglect tests.
The assessment of visuo-spatial neglect after acute stroke.
Progressive loss of speech output and orofacial dyspraxia associated with frontal lobe hypometabolism.
The motor response to sequential apomorphine in parkinsonian fluctuations.
MRI in cerebral toxocaral disease.
Serum iron and transferrin in acute neuroleptic induced akathisia.
Upbeat and downbeat nystagmus occurring successively in a patient with posterior medullary haemorrhage.
Auriculotemporal syndrome following the preauricular approach to temporomandibular joint surgery.
The incidence and relationship of cervical spine anomalies in patients with cleft lip and/or palate.
Arthroscopic surgery for treatment of closed lock.
Are CT scans for head injury patients always necessary?
Bladder and sphincter behavior in patients with spinal cord lesions.
Cortical evoked potentials by stimulation of the vesicourethral junction: clinical value and neurophysiological considerations.
A controlled study of low and high volume anesthetic jelly as a lubricant and pain reliever during cystoscopy.
Migraine pain associated with middle cerebral artery dilatation: reversal by sumatriptan.
Progressive vs single-stage treadmill tests for evaluation of claudication.
Lipid and lipoprotein profiles relate to peak aerobic power in spinal cord injured men.
Use of graded exercise to evaluate physiological hyperreactivity to mental stress.
Treatment of migraine attacks with sumatriptan. The Subcutaneous Sumatriptan International Study Group
Treatment of acute cluster headache with sumatriptan. The Sumatriptan Cluster Headache Study Group
Rare choroidal tumour simulating a malignant melanoma.
Obstructive sleep apnea in children with Down syndrome.
Transesophageal echocardiography in the detection of potential cardiac source of embolism in stroke patients.
Enhanced detection of intracardiac sources of cerebral emboli by transesophageal echocardiography.
Detection of paradoxical cerebral echo contrast embolization by transcranial Doppler ultrasound.
Antiphospholipid antibodies in cerebral ischemia.
Headache in transient or permanent cerebral ischemia. Dutch TIA Study Group.
Atrial fibrillation as a risk factor for deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary emboli in stroke patients.
Clinical anatomic study of pure dysarthria.
Bilateral anterior cerebral artery infarction resulting from explosion-type injury to the head and neck.
Diphenhydramine toxicity in three children with varicella-zoster infection.
Aspirin in transient ischemic attacks and minor stroke: a meta-analysis.
Attitudes of family practice residents about speech-language-hearing referrals.
Treatment of herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia.
A comparative trial of the reactogenicity and immunogenicity of Takeda acellular pertussis vaccine combined with tetanus and diphtheria toxoids. Outcome in 3- to 8-month-old infants, 9- to 23-month-old infants and children, and 24- to 30-month-old children.
Fulminant hepatic failure due to acute hepatitis B and delta co-infection: probable bloodborne transmission associated with a spring-loaded fingerstick device.
Postmortem studies of the heart in three fatal cases of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Screening for dementia and investigating its causes.
Myonecrosis and myofibrosis as complications of sickle cell anemia.
Outcome of patients with acute myocardial infarction who are ineligible for thrombolytic therapy.
Carpal tunnel syndrome, subclinical median mononeuropathy, and peripheral polyneuropathy: common early complications of chronic peritoneal dialysis and hemodialysis.
Nonpharmacologic treatment of periodic leg movements in sleep.
Superior mesenteric artery syndrome in acute traumatic quadriplegia: case reports and literature review.
Wrist movements in able-bodied and brain injured individuals.
Problems and coping strategies of individuals with traumatic brain injury and their spouses.
Discourse analyses with closed head injured adults: evidence for differing patterns of deficits.
Fatigue and depression in brain-injured patients correlated with quadriceps strength and endurance.
Telephone versus face-to-face mode for collecting self-reports of sequences of behavior.
Neurologically normal patients with suspected postpoliomyelitis syndrome: electromyographic assessment of past denervation.
Functional outcomes of children with sickle-cell disease affected by stroke.
Developing anxiety-reduction procedures for a ventilator-dependent pediatric patient.
Preventing heel ulcers: a comparison of prophylactic body-support systems.
Carpal tunnel syndrome: objective measures and splint use.
Clonidine inhibits vesico-sphincter reflexes in patients with chronic spinal lesions.
The 72-hour examination as a predictor of recovery in motor complete quadriplegia.
The motor control assessment: an instrument to measure motor control in physically disabled children.
Reliability of peak physiological responses during wheelchair ergometry in persons with spinal cord injury.
Personality traits in the mechanisms of interferential therapy for osteoarthritic knee pain.
Wohlfart-Kugelberg-Welander syndrome: serum creatine kinase and functional outcome.
Atrial fibrillation associated with autonomic dysreflexia in patients with tetraplegia.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome secondary to L5 radiculopathy.
Cardiac pacemaker in high spinal cord injury.
A pair of monozygotic twins who are concordant for myasthenia gravis but became discordant for systemic lupus erythematosus post-thymectomy.
Terminal axon pathology in infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy.
Electrophysiologic study in acute lead poisoning.
Long-term L-carnitine treatment in isovaleric acidemia.
Basal ganglia mass lesions in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Dendritic and synaptic pathology in mental retardation.
Vitamin B6 and valproic acid in treatment of infantile spasms.
Sulphadiazine desensitization in patients with AIDS and cerebral toxoplasmosis.
Simian immunodeficiency virus (SIVsm) isolation from blood and brain of experimentally infected macaques.
Hereditary sacral agenesis with presacral mass and anorectal stenosis: the Currarino triad.
Hemodynamic effects of octreotide in patients with autonomic neuropathy.
Hemodynamic and neurohormonal effects of clonidine in patients with preganglionic and postganglionic sympathetic lesions. Evidence for a central sympatholytic action.
Radial nerve paralysis and tumor.
Breathing during sleep in patients treated for obstructive sleep apnea. Nasal CPAP for only part of the night.
Roentgenographic dimensions of the upper airway in snoring patients with and without obstructive sleep apnea.
Current approaches to chronic pain in older patients.
In-office mental status testing: a practical guide.
Reflex anal dilatation: effect of parting the buttocks on anal function in normal subjects and patients with anorectal and spinal disease.
Trace elements and plasmapheresis.
Piezogenic wrist papules: a common and asymptomatic finding.
A geriatric-anesthesiologic program to reduce acute confusional states in elderly patients treated for femoral neck fractures.
Cardiovascular and catecholamine responses to head-up tilt in the diagnosis of recurrent unexplained syncope in elderly patients.
Behavioral complications of drug treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Macrophage apolipoprotein synthesis and endoneurial distribution as a response to segmental demyelination.
Transperineurial vessel constriction in an edematous neuropathy.
Infection of human neural cell aggregate cultures with a clinical isolate of cytomegalovirus.
Ubiquitin in motor neuron disease: study at the light and electron microscope.
Neurofilament distribution is altered in the Mnd (motor neuron degeneration) mouse.
The Purkinje cell and its afferents in human hereditary ataxia.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery in the internal auditory canal.
Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty: evaluation of postoperative complications, sequelae, and results.
Androgen receptor gene mutations in X-linked spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy.
Associated neurologic and ophthalmologic findings in congenital oculomotor nerve palsy.
Interleukin 6 activity in infants and children with bacterial meningitis. The Collaborative Study on Meningitis.
Imipenem/cilastatin treatment of bacterial meningitis in children.
Recognizing early Parkinson's disease.
Clinical syndromes and differential diagnosis of spinal disorders.
Neuroanatomy and pathophysiology of pain related to spinal disorders.
Imaging modalities for evaluation of the spine.
Developmental disorders of the pediatric spine.
Magnetic resonance assessment of the postoperative spine. Degenerative disc disease.
Infectious and inflammatory processes of the spine.
Neoplastic disease of the spine.
Imaging of cystic and cavitary lesions of the spinal cord and canal. The value of MR and intraoperative sonography.
Management options in fulminant hepatic failure.
Hazards of mattresses, beds and bedding in deaths of infants.
Severe neurologic toxicity induced by cyclosporine A in three renal transplant patients.
Hypercapnic and hypoxic ventilatory responses in parents and siblings of children with congenital central hypoventilation syndrome.
Modifications of the nasal cycle in patients with hypothalamic disorders: Kallmann's syndrome.
Effects of preoperative electrical stimulability and historical factors on performance with multichannel cochlear implant.
Delayed presentation and treatment of popliteal artery embolism.
Sarcoidosis of the nervous system. A clinical approach.
Intermittent injection vs patient-controlled analgesia for sickle cell crisis pain. Comparison in patients in the emergency department.
The evaluation of patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related disorders and brain mass lesions.
Mineral spirits inhalation associated with hemolysis, pulmonary edema, and ventricular fibrillation.
Drivers with untreated sleep apnea. A cause of death and serious injury.
Methanol poisoning. A rodent model with structural and functional evidence for retinal involvement.
Proportionate mortality trends: 1950 through 1986
Zones of differential sensory block during extradural anaesthesia.
Comparison of speed of onset of analgesic effect of diamorphine and morphine.
Posterior spinal fusion in Sotos' syndrome.
The role of the right hemisphere in emotional communication.
Herpes zoster myelitis.
Word deafness and auditory cortical function. A case history and hypothesis.
Free and supported stance in Parkinson's disease. The effect of posture and 'postural set' on leg muscle responses to perturbation, and its relation to the severity of the disease.
Amnesia following damage to the left fornix and to other sites. A comparative study.
Eye movement behaviour of patients with cerebral microangiopathy and macroangiopathy in simple visual detection tasks.
Stereopsis after unilateral anterior temporal lobectomy. Dissociation between local and global measures.
Neurological disease in xeroderma pigmentosum. Documentation of a late onset type of the juvenile onset form.
Nerve cell loss in the thalamus in Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Altered corticospinal projections to lower limb motoneurons in subjects with cerebral palsy.
Transcortical aphasia. Importance of the nonspeech dominant hemisphere in language repetition.
Hemisphere asymmetry in decision making abilities. An experimental study in unilateral brain damage.
Language functions in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Cortical control of reflexive visually-guided saccades.
Increment-threshold spectral sensitivity in blindsight. Evidence for colour opponency.
Breast conservation therapy. Severe breast fibrosis after radiation therapy in patients with collagen vascular disease.
Perioperative stroke. Part II: Cardiac surgery and cardiogenic embolic stroke.
Pulmonary oedema after airway obstruction due to bilateral vocal cord paralysis.
Symptom reporting in wanted and unwanted pregnancies.
Pancreatic lesions in the von Hippel-Lindau syndrome.
Asymptomatic bacterascites: is it spontaneous bacterial peritonitis?
Patterns of mortality in sickle cell disease in the United Kingdom.
Isoenzymes of alkaline phosphatase in epileptic patients receiving carbamazepine monotherapy.
Lateral pharyngeal space abscess as a consequence of regional anesthesia.
Pathogenetic mechanism of stroke in non-valvular atrial fibrillation: follow-up of stroke patients with and without atrial fibrillation.
Quality of life in long-term survivors of CNS tumors of childhood and adolescence.
Cytarabine and neurologic toxicity.
Acute illness in maple syrup urine disease: dynamics of protein metabolism and implications for management.
Cerebral edema causing death in children with maple syrup urine disease.
Intellectual outcome in children with maple syrup urine disease.
Improvement of psoriatic arthritis in a patient treated with bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia.
Effect of dialysis membrane and patient's age on signs of dialysis-related amyloidosis. The Working Party on Dialysis Amyloidosis.
Neurologic aspects of cobalamin deficiency.
Poikilothermia in man: pathophysiology and clinical implications.
Diagnosis and monitoring of subarachnoid hemorrhage by transcranial color-coded real-time sonography.
Measurements of regional cerebral blood flow and blood flow velocity in experimental intracranial hypertension: infusion via the cisterna magna in rabbits.
The mermaid malformation: cloacal exstrophy and occult spinal dysraphism.
Occipital meningoceles in patients with the Dandy-Walker syndrome.
Millipore analysis of valvular fluid in sterile valve malfunctions.
"Ex vivo" release of eicosanoid from human brain tissue: its relevance in the development of brain edema.
Venous thromboembolism after brain tumor surgery: a retrospective review.
Anterior transpetrosal-transtentorial approach for sphenopetroclival meningiomas: surgical method and results in 10 patients.
Prolonged lumbar spinal drainage after the resection of tumors of the skull base: a cautionary note.
Arachnoid cyst of the cerebellopontine angle manifesting as contralateral trigeminal neuralgia: case report.
Mild cognitive impairment in the elderly: predictors of dementia.
Neurologic complications of infective endocarditis.
Cramp-fasciculation syndrome: a treatable hyperexcitable peripheral nerve disorder.
Both intravenous lidocaine and morphine reduce the pain of postherpetic neuralgia.
Non-neoplastic pineal cysts.
Cerebrospinal fluid protein and opening pressure in idiopathic intracranial hypertension (pseudotumor cerebri).
Magnetic resonance imaging shows specific abnormalities in the MELAS syndrome.
Diagnostic value of video-EEG polysomnography.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with epilepsy.
Epidemiologic correlates of sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Scintillating scotomata associated with internal carotid artery dissection: report of three cases.
Cervical dystonia: clinical findings and associated movement disorders.
Fatal brainstem stroke following internal jugular vein catheterization.
Patterns of postictal cerebral blood flow in temporal lobe epilepsy: qualitative and quantitative analysis.
Neuropsychiatric aspects of psychogenic status epilepticus.
Beta-receptor sensitivity in autonomic failure.
Effect of mild hyperthermia on the ischemic infarct volume after middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat.
Usefulness of a writing device in writer's cramp.
Two cases of neoplastic angioendotheliomatosis presenting with myelopathy.
Intrathecal baclofen for intractable axial dystonia.
Fatal tonsillar herniation in pseudotumor cerebri.
Fatal puerperal cerebral vasospasm and stroke in a young woman.
Complex partial status epilepticus of extratemporal origin: report of a case.
The risk of seizure recurrence following a first unprovoked seizure: a quantitative review.
Idazoxan treatment in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Predictive testing for Wilson's disease using tightly linked and flanking DNA markers.
Giant, human immunodeficiency virus-related ulcers in the esophagus.
Air in the temporomandibular joint fossa: CT sign of temporal bone fracture.
Brain in eclampsia: MR imaging with clinical correlation.
Low-back pain and disk degeneration in children: a case-control MR imaging study.
Aztreonam in the treatment of gram-negative bacterial meningitis.
Idioventricular rhythm: hypervagotonia associated with placebo.
The role of corticosteroids in infants and children with bacterial meningitis.
Efficacy of (S)-1-(3-hydroxy-2-phosphonylmethoxypropyl)cytosine in various models of herpes simplex virus infection in mice.
Combined therapy with fluconazole and flucytosine in murine cryptococcal meningitis.
Current perception threshold screening for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Caffeine self-administration, withdrawal, and adverse effects among coffee drinkers.
Plasma antigen levels of the lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor in patient samples.
Cerebrovascular events after myocardial infarction: analysis of the GISSI trial. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Streptochinasi nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI).
Audit of outpatients: entering the loop.
Bladder compliance in myelodysplastic children: effect of anti-reflux surgery and conservative treatment. Paediatric urology.
Severe late postsplenectomy infection.
Reduction in injection pain using buffered lidocaine as a local anesthetic before cardiac catheterization.
Hearing aid prescribing: is the specialist opinion necessary?
Gastrointestinal transit of solid-liquid meal in chronic alcoholics.
Advances in pediatric emergency department procedures.
Sexual headaches: case report, review, and treatment with calcium blocker.
The effect of hyperventilation in cluster headache patients.
Headache spectrum in Arnold-Chiari malformation.
Plasma and saliva levels of PGI2 and TXA2 in the headache-free period of classical migraine patients. The effects of nicardipine.
Headache in the use and withdrawal of opiates and other associated substances of abuse.
Trigeminal neuralgia secondary to tumor with normal exam, responsive to carbamazepine.
Jolt accentuation of headache: the most sensitive sign of CSF pleocytosis.
Recurrent classic migraine attacks following transdermal scopolamine intoxication.
Short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection, tearing, etc. (SUNCT): III. Another Norwegian case.
The outcome of decompressive laminectomy for degenerative lumbar stenosis.
Extraspinal causes of lumbosacral radiculopathy.
Percutaneous posterolateral lumbar discectomy and decompression with a 6.9-millimeter cannula. Analysis of operative failures and complications.
Survivorship analysis of the uncemented porous-coated anatomic knee replacement [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Sep;73(8):1274]
Arthrodesis of the knee with an intramedullary nail.
Rhabdomyolysis following total hip arthroplasty.
Pseudarthrosis of the scaphoid treated by the Matti-Russe operation. A long-term review of 77 cases.
Total replacement for post-traumatic arthritis of the elbow.
The cubital tunnel and ulnar neuropathy.
Combined intertrochanteric and Chiari pelvic osteotomies for hip dysplasia.
The diagnosis of reflex sympathetic dystrophy using an algometer.
Prevalence of dementia in the 'oldest old' of a Dutch community.
Underdiagnosis and poor documentation of acute confusional states in elderly hip fracture patients.
Dementia: case ascertainment in a community survey.
Automatic and effortful memory processes in elderly persons with organic brain pathology.
Tegmental dehiscence and brain herniation into the middle ear cleft.
Improved results with the addition of interferon alfa-2b to dacarbazine in the treatment of patients with metastatic malignant melanoma.
The influence of volume on the tolerance of the brain to radiosurgery.
The nature of congenital posterior cervical or cervicothoracic midline cutaneous mass lesions. Report of eight cases.
Endovascular treatment of intracerebral arteriovenous malformations: experience in 49 cases.
Grafting of perfused adrenal medullary tissue into the caudate nucleus of patients with Parkinson's disease. Clinica Puerta de Hierro Neural Transplantation Group.
Diagnostic relevance of trigeminal evoked potentials following infraorbital nerve stimulation.
Head-injured patients who talk and deteriorate into coma. Analysis of 211 cases studied with computerized tomography.
Supratentorial dermoid cysts.
Possible roles of basic fibroblast growth factor in the pathogenesis of moyamoya disease: an immunohistochemical study.
Spinal intramedullary ependymal cyst. Report of three cases.
Cervicomedullary junction decompression in a case of Marshall-Smith syndrome. Case report.
Symptomatic xanthogranuloma of choroid plexus with unilateral hydrocephalus. Case report.
An alternative explanation for the genesis of closed-lock symptoms in the internal derangement process.
The antinociceptive effects of spinally administered neuropeptide Y in the rat: systematic studies on structure-activity relationship.
Nongynecologic somatic pathology in women with chronic pelvic pain and negative laparoscopy.
Quality assurance for patients with head injuries admitted to a regional trauma unit.
Relative incidence of intracranial mass lesions and severe torso injury after accidental injury: implications for triage and management.
The recognition and control of occupational disease.
Pyridostigmine used as a nerve agent pretreatment under wartime conditions.
Cold cerebroplegia. A new technique of cerebral protection during operations on the transverse aortic arch.
Effects of alterations in pulmonary function and sleep variables on survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Prevention of neural tube defects: results of the Medical Research Council Vitamin Study. MRC Vitamin Study Research Group.
Inhibition of burn pain by intravenous lignocaine infusion.
Prolonged QT interval and risk of sudden death in South-East Asian men.
Hereditary unstable DNA: a new explanation for some old genetic questions?
Acute inflammation: the underlying mechanism in delayed onset muscle soreness?
Mentally retarded individuals--a population at risk?
Effects of a minimally supervised exercise program for mentally retarded adults.
Use of folic acid for prevention of spina bifida and other neural tube defects--1983-1991.
Involvement of thin afferents in carpal tunnel syndrome: evaluated quantitatively by argon laser stimulation.
Beneficial effect of carotid endarterectomy in symptomatic patients with high-grade carotid stenosis. North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy Trial Collaborators
Elevated brain concentrations of 1,4-benzodiazepines in fulminant hepatic failure
Homozygous prion protein genotype predisposes to sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease [published erratum appears in Nature 1991 Aug 8;352(6335):547]
The effect of chronic orthopedic infection on quality of life.
Rickettsial infection of the central nervous system: the role of prompt antimicrobial therapy.
Family history in patients with transient ischemic attacks.
Stress hormone and blood glucose response following acute stroke in the elderly.
Clinical significance of the V-shaped space in the subluxed shoulder of hemiplegics.
Effect of antihypertensive therapy on focal stroke in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Captopril improves neurologic outcome from incomplete cerebral ischemia in rats.
Effects of perinatal stroke on striatal amino acid efflux in rats studied with in vivo microdialysis.
Microangiopathy of the brain, retina, and ear: improvement without immunosuppressive therapy.
Correlation between sexual abuse and somatization in women with somatic and nonsomatic chronic pelvic pain.
Cesarean section by local anesthesia in patients with familial dysautonomia.
Porencephalic cyst: a complication of fetal intravascular transfusion.
Nerve growth factor receptor expression in peripheral and central neuroectodermal tumors, other pediatric brain tumors, and during development of the adrenal gland.
Differential effects of intrathecal midazolam on morphine-induced antinociception in the rat: role of spinal opioid receptors.
Surgical evaluation of Henoch-Schonlein purpura. Experience with 110 children.
DuP 753 increases survival in spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats fed a high sodium diet.
Childhood blindness in the Republic of Ireland: a national survey.
Treatable blindness in temporal arteritis.
Relation between nicotine intake and Alzheimer's disease.
Siriraj stroke score and validation study to distinguish supratentorial intracerebral haemorrhage from infarction.
Primary intracerebral osteosarcoma.
The clinical and endocrine outcome to trans-sphenoidal microsurgery of nonsecreting pituitary adenomas.
Acute encephalopathy due to thiamine deficiency (Wernicke's encephalopathy) in a chronic hemodialyzed patient: a case report.
No causal relationship between transdermal scopolamine and seizures: methodologic lessons for pharmacoepidemiology.
Manometric and radiologic investigations and biofeedback treatment of chronic idiopathic anal pain.
Blood pressure as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The Framingham Study--30 years of follow-up
Risks of untreated hypertension. A discussion [comment]
Controlled clinical trials of drug treatment for hypertension. A review.
Antihypertensive drug treatment. Potential, expected, and observed effects on stroke and on coronary heart disease.
Diuretic agents versus beta-blockers. Comparison of effects on mortality, stroke, and coronary events.
Diuretic agents and beta-blockers in the treatment of hypertension.
Increased treatment of hypertension does not explain the decline in stroke mortality in the United States, 1970-1980.
Changes in hypertension treatment and in congestive heart failure mortality in the United States.
Canadian Atrial Fibrillation Anticoagulation (CAFA) Study.
Characteristics of experimental Candida albicans infection of the central nervous system in rabbits.
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay of transthyretin devised for semimicro plasma diagnosis of familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy.
Alleged brain damage, diminished capacity, mens rea, and misuse of medical concepts.
Differentiation of hydrocephalic calf and human calvariae.
A short plasma exchange protocol is effective in severe myasthenia gravis.
Sudden death and paroxysmal autonomic dysfunction in stiff-man syndrome.
CSF changes in a longitudinal study of 124 neurologically normal HIV-1-infected U.S. Air Force personnel.
The value of bupivicaine hip injection in the differentiation of coxarthrosis from lower extremity neuropathy.
Clinical usefulness of amitriptyline in fibromyalgia: the results of 23 N-of-1 randomized controlled trials.
The effects of cyclobenzaprine on sleep physiology and symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia.
Rheumatoid iliopsoas bursitis presenting as unilateral femoral nerve palsy.
Pain reduction interventions during neonatal circumcision.
Rules of language.
Hepatic failure and coma after liver resection is reversed by manipulation of gut contents: the role of endotoxin.
Cephalometric measurements in snorers, non-snorers, and patients with sleep apnoea.
Sonography in the diagnosis of acute appendicitis.
Ulnar tunnel syndrome.
Cerebrovascular accident complicating acute myocardial infarction: incidence, clinical significance and short- and long-term mortality rates. The SPRINT Study Group.
Observation of spinal canal and cisternae with the newly developed small-diameter, flexible fiberscopes.
Three-dimensional upper airway computed tomography in obstructive sleep apnea. A prospective study in patients treated by uvulopalatopharyngoplasty.
Obstructive sleep apnea during pregnancy. Therapy and implications for fetal health.
The clinical course of perimesencephalic nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
Benign familial neonatal convulsions: evidence for clinical and genetic heterogeneity.
Cold-induced brain edema and infarction are reduced in transgenic mice overexpressing CuZn-superoxide dismutase.
Altered excitatory and inhibitory amino acid receptor binding in hippocampus of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
The role of prolactin in autoimmune demyelination: suppression of experimental allergic encephalomyelitis by bromocriptine.
Temporal relationships between plasma and cerebrospinal fluid pharmacokinetics of levodopa and clinical effect in Parkinson's disease.
Central sleep apnea and arterial compression of the medulla.
Fatal varicella-zoster virus meningoradiculitis without skin involvement.
Applying psychometric criteria to functional assessment in medical rehabilitation: I. Exploring unidimensionality.
Postural differences between asymptomatic men and women and craniofacial pain patients.
Analysis of auditory comprehension performance in individuals with severe aphasia.
Quantitative cervical flexor strength in healthy subjects and in subjects with mechanical neck pain.
Motor variables correlated with the hand-to-mouth maneuver in stroke patients.
Hereditary coproporphyria: an imitator of multiple sclerosis.
Natural history and effectiveness of aspirin in asymptomatic patient with cervical bruits. The Asymptomatic Cervical Bruit Study Group.
The short test of mental status. Correlations with standardized psychometric testing.
Epidemiology of myasthenia gravis in Denmark. A longitudinal and comprehensive population survey.
The pseudotumor syndrome. Disorders of cerebrospinal fluid circulation causing intracranial hypertension without ventriculomegaly.
The origin of pain in optic neuritis. Determinants of pain in 101 eyes with optic neuritis.
Cognitive neuropsychology. Resolving enigmas about Wernicke's aphasia and other higher cortical disorders.
Broca's aphasia following damage to Wernicke's area. For or against traditional aphasiology?
Cerebral vasculopathy associated with collateralization resembling moya moya phenomenon and with anti-Ro/SS-A and anti-La/SS-B antibodies.
Extradural haematoma after continuous extradural anaesthesia.
Increased prevalence of hereditary metabolic diseases among native Indians in Manitoba and northwestern Ontario.
Stroke Prevention in Atrial Fibrillation Study. Final results
Cardiac epinephrine synthesis. Regulation by a glucocorticoid.
An investigation into the etiology of irritable hip.
The effects of benzodiazepine-receptor antagonists and partial inverse agonists on acute hepatic encephalopathy in the rat.
Acalculous biliary pain: cholecystectomy alleviates symptoms in patients with abnormal cholescintigraphy.
Association of a precore genomic variant of hepatitis B virus with fulminant hepatitis.
Questionnaire versus clinical interview in the diagnosis of headache.
First clinical study of the selective 5-HT3 antagonist, granisetron (BRL 43694), in the acute treatment of migraine headache.
Magnesium prophylaxis of menstrual migraine: effects on intracellular magnesium.
Anger and hostility in tension-type headache.
The disappearance of the "cold patch" in recovered migraine patients: thermographic findings.
Decreased serum interleukin-2 level in patients with chronic headache.
Activation of pain fibers to the internal carotid artery intracranially may cause the pain and local signs of reduced sympathetic and enhanced parasympathetic activity in cluster headache.
EMG activity in pericranial muscles during postural variation and mental activity in healthy volunteers and patients with chronic tension type headache.
Headache syndromes as detected by configural frequency analysis.
The impact of cigarette smoking on headache activity in headache patients.
Propranolol in the management of recurrent migraine: a meta-analytic review.
Nontraumatic abdominal aortic thrombosis presenting with anterior spinal artery syndrome and pulmonary edema.
Midazolam use in the emergency department.
Post-triathalon delirium [clinical conference]
Obesity, a disorder of nutrient partitioning: the MONA LISA hypothesis.
Cerebral Doppler studies in the fetus and newborn infant.
Mitochondrial encephalomyopathies in childhood. I. Biochemical and morphologic investigations.
Mitochondrial encephalomyopathies in childhood. II. Clinical manifestations and syndromes.
Liver involvement in Alpers disease.
The binding and functional properties of voltage dependent calcium channel receptors in pediatric normal and myelodysplastic bladders.
Rubber-specific IgE in children with spina bifida.
Failure of motor evoked potentials to predict neurologic outcome in experimental thoracic aortic occlusion.
Thoracic outlet syndrome caused by tumor of the first rib.
Associative anomia: dissociating words and their definitions.
Causes of death in patients with tuberous sclerosis.
Non-trauma mortality in elderly women with low bone mineral density. Study of Osteoporotic Fractures Research Group.
Operative laparoscopy with the Nd:YAG laser in the treatment of endometriosis and pelvic adhesions.
Sodium channel density in hypomyelinated brain increased by myelin basic protein gene deletion.
Efficacy of desipramine in painful diabetic neuropathy: a placebo-controlled trial.
Jaw pain and tenderness levels during and after repeated sustained maximum voluntary protrusion.
Comprehensive multidisciplinary treatment of chronic pain: a follow-up study of treated and non-treated groups.
Pain causes in 200 patients referred to a multidisciplinary cancer pain clinic.
Deep brain stimulation: a review of basic research and clinical studies.
Thermographic observations on rats with experimental neuropathic pain.
Modulation of neuropathic pain behavior in rats by spinal disinhibition and NMDA receptor blockade of injury discharge.
Evidence for a central but not a peripheral analgesic effect of clomipramine in rats.
Poliomyelitis-like paralysis during recovery from acute bronchial asthma: possible etiology and risk factors.
Family and peer issues among adolescents with spina bifida and cerebral palsy.
Verbal dyspraxia in treated galactosemia.
Burning pain in an extremity. Breaking the destructive cycle of reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
Cardiovascular causes of syncope. Identifying and controlling trigger mechanisms.
Neuronal activity up-regulates astroglial gene expression.
Differentiation between somatic and cognitive/affective components in commonly used measurements of depression in patients with chronic low-back pain. Let's not mix apples and oranges.
Unilateral lumbar fusion.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans. An unusual neonatal pathogen.
Ischemic injury to the spinal cord or lumbosacral plexus after aorto-iliac reconstruction.
Chemical meningism after lumbar facet joint block with local anaesthetic and steroids.
Are history and physical examination a good screening test for sleep apnea?
Idiopathic and L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilic fasciitis before and after L-tryptophan contamination.
Alteration of urinary carnitine profile induced by benzoate administration.
Scalp tumours mimicking encephaloceles.
Improvement of outcome for infants of birth weight under 1000 g. The Victorian Infant Collaborative Study Group.
Effect of intervention on development of hip posture in very preterm babies.
The significance of portal vein thrombosis after distal splenorenal shunt.
The natural history of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1. Highly uncommon or highly unrecognized?
Cervical anterior spinal artery syndrome associated with cardiopulmonary arrest.
Modified approach for ethmoid and anterior skull base surgery.
Surgical collars: a survey of their prescription and use.
The use of nasal calcitonin in the treatment of post-traumatic algodystrophy.
Noncemented porous-coated anatomic total hip arthroplasty.
The failed ulnar nerve transposition. Etiology and treatment.
The noncemented porous-coated hip prosthesis. A three-year clinical follow-up study and roentgenographic analysis.
Symptomatic talocalcaneal coalition. Its clinical significance and treatment.
Uncemented total hip arthroplasty. Prospective analysis of the tri-lock femoral component.
Right ventricular hypertrophy detected by echocardiography in patients with newly diagnosed obstructive sleep apnea.
Nocturnal hypoxemia as a determinant of vigilance impairment in sleep apnea syndrome.
Response of obstructive sleep apnea to fluoxetine and protriptyline.
Sternohyoid muscle biopsy. A diagnostic technique in respiratory failure of neuromuscular origin.
Clinical correlates of abnormal sensitivity to intraesophageal balloon distension.
Familial enteric neuropathy with pseudoobstruction.
Special considerations in the physical exam of older patients.
The neurology of aging: normal versus pathologic change.
Effect of preexisting brain ischemia on sympathetic nerve response to intracranial hypertension.
Pressure-diameter relationships of the upper airway in awake supine subjects.
Effect of denervation or unweighting on GLUT-4 protein in rat soleus muscle.
Clinical follow-up and progression of carotid atherosclerosis determined by duplex scanning in patients suffering from TIA.
Resection and reconstruction of the carotid bifurcation with polytetrafluoroethylene grafts; operative technique. Preliminary results in 25 procedures and indications.
General moderate hypothermia in the surgical treatment of descending thoracic aortic aneurysms.
Coronary-subclavian steal: correction of recurrent angina and cerebrovascular symptoms.
Examination of spinal cord in diseases of the craniocervical junction and high cervical spine.
Sinemet (CR4): an open-label study in moderately severe Parkinson's disease.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in morbidly obese patients.
The sleep apnoea syndrome in obesity: risk of sudden death.
Pure akinesia: an atypical manifestation of progressive supranuclear palsy.
Comparison of the clinical pharmacology of (-)NPA and levodopa in Parkinson's disease.
Actuarial analysis of the occurrence of remissions following thymectomy for myasthenia gravis in 400 patients.
Benign vascular sexual headache and exertional headache: interrelationships and long term prognosis.
Maternal reporting of behaviour following very severe blunt head injury.
Glial swelling following human cerebral contusion: an ultrastructural study.
Vigabatrin and psychosis.
Changes in intracranial CSF volume after lumbar puncture and their relationship to post-LP headache.
Posterior cortical dementia with alexia: neurobehavioural, MRI, and PET findings.
A case of progressive encephalomyelitis with rigidity and positive antiglutamic acid dehydrogenase antibodies.
Immunological evidence for the co-existence of the Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome and myasthenia gravis in two patients.
Deficiencies in anti-acetylcholine receptor antibody measurement in myasthenia gravis.
Contractile properties of lower leg muscles are normal in Parkinson's disease.
Neurocysticercosis: regression of a fourth ventricular cyst with praziquantel.
Correlation of the amnestic effects of nicotinic antagonists with inhibition of regional brain acetylcholine synthesis in rats.
Kindling as a model of drug-resistant partial epilepsy: selection of phenytoin-resistant and nonresistant rats.
Evidence for central alpha-2 adrenoceptors, not imidazoline binding sites, mediating the ethanol-attenuating properties of alpha-2 adrenoceptor antagonists.
U-78517F: a potent inhibitor of lipid peroxidation with activity in experimental brain injury and ischemia.
Efficacy of danazol in the control of hormonal migraine.
Does fetal seizure activity mean a poor outcome? A case report.
The fibromyalgia impact questionnaire: development and validation.
Large vessel vasculitis of the central nervous system in systemic lupus erythematosus: report and review of the literature.
Inner ear deafness in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Donor hearts with impaired hemodynamics. Benefit of warm substrate-enriched blood cardioplegic solution for induction of cardioplegia during cardiac harvesting.
Severity of childhood bacterial meningitis and duration of illness before diagnosis.
Laser midline glossectomy as a treatment for obstructive sleep apnea.
Lightning and its effects on the auditory system.
Otologic sequelae after pneumococcal meningitis: a survey of 164 consecutive cases with a follow-up of 94 survivors.
Facial reanimation after acoustic neuroma excision: the patient's perspective.
P300 response to tones and speech sounds after cochlear implant: a case report.
A comparative study of the cerebrovascular complications of cocaine: alkaloidal versus hydrochloride--a review.
The European Stroke Prevention Study: results according to sex.
Cause of death in patients attending multiple sclerosis clinics.
Seizures caused by nontraumatic parenchymal brain hemorrhages.
Spatial contrast sensitivity is reduced in bilateral Parkinson's disease.
Optic chiasmal neuritis.
Preherpetic neuralgia.
Multifocal independent epileptiform discharges in children: ictal correlates and surgical therapy.
The spectrum of vertical gaze palsy following unilateral brainstem stroke.
Are demented patients with Parkinson's disease accurately reflected in prevalence surveys? A survival analysis.
Gaze-dependent hemianopia without hemispatial neglect.
Progressive supranuclear palsy: altered sensory processing leads to degraded cognition.
Non-Menkes-type copper deficiency with regression, lactic acidosis, and granulocytopenia.
The effects of L-dopa on excessive daytime sleepiness in narcolepsy.
Acetylcholine receptor-reactive T lymphocytes from healthy subjects and myasthenia gravis patients.
Leg paresthesias induced by magnetic brain stimulation in patients with thoracic spinal cord injury.
Parental sex effect in familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
A balanced carbohydrate: protein diet in the management of Parkinson's disease.
Occurrence of resting tremor in Parkinson's disease.
MRI reveals multiple reversible cerebral lesions in an attack of acute intermittent porphyria.
Clinical correlation with serum-soluble interleukin-2 receptor levels in Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Theophylline-associated seizures with "therapeutic" or low toxic serum concentrations: risk factors for serious outcome in adults.
Homocystinuria due to 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency revealed by stroke in adult siblings.
Prevalence of peripheral neuropathy in the Parsi community of Bombay.
Listeria monocytogenes infections in patients with AIDS: report of five cases and review.
Immunohematologic characteristics of infection-associated cerebral infarction.
Microinfarction in classic migraine? A study with magnetic resonance imaging findings.
Remote cortical dysfunction in aphasic stroke patients.
Snoring and the risk of ischemic brain infarction.
Benefit of a stroke unit: a randomized controlled trial.
Temporal thresholds for neocortical infarction in rats subjected to reversible focal cerebral ischemia.
Stroke from other etiologies masquerading as migraine-stroke.
Safety and tolerance of oral dextromethorphan in patients at risk for brain ischemia.
Atrial fibrillation as an independent risk factor for stroke: the Framingham Study.
An autopsy study of the incidence of lacunes in relation to age, hypertension, and arteriosclerosis.
Risk factors for stroke as predictors of platelet membrane fluidity in Alzheimer's disease.
Pain centers--organization and outcome.
Rehabilitation in rheumatic diseases. What's new.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection and diffuse polyneuropathy. Implications for rehabilitation medicine.
Rehabilitation in cerebral palsy.
Stroke rehabilitation: a model predicting return home.
Neuroanatomy in fragile X females: the posterior fossa.
Localization of the gene encoding the GABAA receptor beta 3 subunit to the Angelman/Prader-Willi region of human chromosome 15.
Torsion dystonia genes in two populations confined to a small region on chromosome 9q32-34.
Compound heterozygosity in nonphenylketonuria hyperphenylalanemia: the contribution of mutations for classical phenylketonuria.
Occurrence of a Tyr393----Asn (Y393N) mutation in the E1 alpha gene of the branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase complex in maple syrup urine disease patients from a Mennonite population.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results: IV. Additional perspectives on the tolerability of lovastatin.
Risk factors for stroke in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation: a case-control study.
Syncope and orthostatic hypotension.
Sleep apnea and systemic hypertension: a causal association review.
Disk drusen and angioid streaks in pseudoxanthoma elasticum.
Treatment of pseudotumor cerebri by primary and secondary optic nerve sheath decompression.
Abdominal musculature abnormalities as a cause of groin pain in athletes. Inguinal hernias and pubalgia.
Neuropsychiatric side effects after the use of mefloquine.
Resistance to vecuronium in patients with cerebral palsy.
Congenital optic tract syndrome.
Virological investigations of acute encephalopathy in India
Heart rate variability and cardiac autonomic function in men with chronic alcohol dependence.
Patellofemoral pain. An arthroscopic perspective.
Effects of caffeine on tobacco withdrawal.
Prevalence of epilepsy in Rochester, Minnesota: 1940-1980.
Magnetic resonance imaging and 31P spectroscopy of an interictal cortical spike focus in the rat.
Magnetic resonance imaging of intractable complex partial seizures: pathologic and electroencephalographic correlation.
Magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of focal computed tomography abnormality in epilepsy.
Seizures of fronto-orbital origin: a proven case.
Paroxysmal kinesigenic choreoathetosis with abnormal electroencephalogram during attacks.
Acquired aphasia, dementia, and behavior disorder with epilepsy and continuous spike and waves during sleep in a child.
Seizures in series: similarities between seizures of the west and Lennox-Gastaut syndromes.
Risk factors for febrile seizures in the People's Republic of China: a case control study.
A contribution to the genetics of febrile seizures: waking and sleep EEG in siblings.
Familial aggregation and severity of epilepsy.
Open, double-blind and long-term study of vigabatrin in chronic epilepsy.
Phenytoin-induced elevation of serum estradiol and reproductive dysfunction in men with epilepsy.
Allergic rash due to antiepileptic drugs: clinical features and management.
Ralitoline: a reevaluation of anticonvulsant profile and determination of "active" plasma concentrations in comparison with prototype antiepileptic drugs in mice.
Anticonvulsant profiles of the potent and orally active GABA uptake inhibitors SK&F 89976-A and SK&F 100330-A and four prototype antiepileptic drugs in mice and rats.
Anticonvulsant activity of two orally active competitive N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonists, CGP 37849 and CGP 39551, against sound-induced seizures in DBA/2 mice and photically induced myoclonus in Papio papio.
Neurocutaneous melanosis: definition and review of the literature.
Echocardiographic demonstration of decreased left ventricular dimensions and vigorous myocardial contraction during syncope induced by head-up tilt.
The present status of akathisia.
Dysphoria in male alcoholics with a history of hallucinations.
Trends in the pathophysiology and pharmacotherapy of spasticity [editorial]
How to identify psychogenic disorders of stance and gait. A video study in 37 patients.
Somatosensory evoked potentials to median nerve stimulation after partial section of the corpus callosum.
Somatostatin cerebrospinal fluid levels in dementia.
Sarcoid neuropathy.
The treatment of multiple intracranial tuberculous abscesses: a case report.
Surgical treatment of limbic epilepsy associated with extrahippocampal lesions: the problem of dual pathology.
Unruptured intracranial aneurysms: seizures and antiepileptic drug treatment following surgery.
Microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm. Patterns of vascular compression in unsuccessfully operated patients.
Optochiasmal arachnoiditis following muslin wrapping of ruptured anterior communicating artery aneurysms.
Efficacy of dorsal longitudinal myelotomy in treating spinal spasticity: a review of 20 cases.
Treatment of chronic pain by epidural spinal cord stimulation: a 10-year experience.
Suppression by traumatic brain injury of spontaneous hemodynamic recovery from hemorrhagic shock in rats.
Cerebral amyloid angiopathy presenting as multiple intracranial lesions on magnetic resonance imaging. Case report.
Excision of cavernous angioma with preservation of coexisting venous angioma. Case report.
Computer-assisted superimposition of magnetic resonance and high-resolution technetium-99m-HMPAO and thallium-201 SPECT images of the brain.
Evolution of technetium-99m-HMPAO SPECT and brain mapping in a patient presenting with echolalia and palilalia.
AAEM case report #3: myasthenia gravis.
Electrophysiological improvement following decompression surgery in tarsal tunnel syndrome.
The extent and time course of motoneuron involvement in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Correlation of motor units with strength and spectral characteristics in polio survivors and controls.
Infantile Pompe's disease, lipid storage, and partial carnitine deficiency.
CO2 laser-induced pain-related somatosensory evoked potentials in peripheral neuropathies: correlation between electrophysiological and histopathological findings.
Dynamic F waves in neurogenic claudication.
Postmenopausal estrogen therapy and cardiovascular disease. Ten-year follow-up from the nurses' health study
Deafness after bilateral midbrain contusion: a correlation of magnetic resonance imaging with auditory brain stem evoked responses.
Arteriovenous malformation in meningothelial meningioma: case report.
Meningioma: the role of a foreign body and irradiation in tumor formation.
Spinal cord herniation associated with an intradural spinal arachnoid cyst diagnosed by magnetic resonance imaging.
Acoustic schwannomas in children.
Computer- and robot-assisted resection of thalamic astrocytomas in children.
Extent of mesiobasal resection determines outcome after temporal lobectomy for intractable complex partial seizures.
Complete temporal lobectomy for surgical resuscitation of patients with transtentorial herniation secondary to unilateral hemispheric swelling.
Civilian craniocerebral gunshot wounds.
Brain tumors occurring before 1 year of age: a retrospective reviews of 22 cases in an 11-year period (1977-1987).
Treatment of antenatal myasthenia gravis.
Acute twin-twin transfusion: a possible mechanism for brain-damaged survivors after intrauterine death of a monochorionic twin.
Transvaginal sonographic follow-up on the formation of fetal cephalocele at 13-19 weeks' gestation.
Recurrent abortion and the diagnosis of Wilson disease.
Transfer of genetic epilepsy by embryonic brain grafts in the chicken.
Cu,Zn superoxide dismutase is a peroxisomal enzyme in human fibroblasts and hepatoma cells.
The modified buccal musculomucosal flap method for cleft palate surgery.
Membranous lipodystrophy: MR imaging appearance of the brain.
Fetal cephaloceles: diagnosis with US.
Genes for epilepsy mapped in the mouse.
Erythropoietin concentrations in obstructive sleep apnoea.
Choroideremia and deafness with stapes fixation: a contiguous gene deletion syndrome in Xq21.
Appropriateness of intrapartum fetal heart rate management and risk of cerebral palsy.
Resolution of chronic pelvic pain after laparoscopic lysis of adhesions.
Williams syndrome: masseter spasm during anaesthesia.
Stapes surgery: complications and airway infection.
Tetanic response of the cricothyroid muscle.
Clinical significance of a dizziness history in medical patients with syncope.
Can vitamin D deficiency produce an unusual pain syndrome?
Etretinate and visual function: a 1-year follow-up study.
Management of the pregnant woman with spinal cord injuries.
Menstrual symptoms in women with pelvic endometriosis.
Factors associated with poor visual outcome in acute retinal necrosis.
Surgical management of retinal detachment associated with the acute retinal necrosis syndrome.
Self-inflicted eye injuries.
A comparison between iotrolan, a non-ionic dimer, and a hyperosmolar contrast medium, Urografin, in hysterosalpingography.
Realistic expectations for the patient with intermittent claudication.
Granulomatous angiitis of the spinal cord associated with Hodgkin's disease.
Dutch general practice care for patients with epilepsy: results from the Dutch National Survey of Morbidity and Interventions.
Patellofemoral pain caused by overactivity. A prospective study of risk factors in infantry recruits.
Total acromionectomy. A twenty-year review.
Characterization of severely and profoundly hearing impaired adults attending an audiology clinic.
Meningitis from canine Pasteurella multocida following mastoidectomy.
Rhinocerebral mucormycosis: use of liposomal amphotericin B.
Intracranial extension of a naso-ethmoid schwannoma.
Cytogenetic abnormalities associated with renal cell carcinoma.
Single potential analysis of cavernous electrical activity in impotent patients: a possible diagnostic method for autonomic cavernous dysfunction and cavernous smooth muscle degeneration.
Treatment of pancreatic pseudocysts with octreotide.
Diagnosis of cysticercosis in endemic regions. The Cysticercosis Working Group in Peru.
A 'unified theory' of prion propagation.
Symptomatic Chiari malformation in adults: a new classification based on magnetic resonance imaging with clinical and prognostic significance.
Conservative treatment of patients with acoustic tumors.
Intracerebral temperature in neurosurgical patients.
A familial coincidence of pseudotumor cerebri and communicating hydrocephalus.
Hypertrophic spinal pachymeningitis: report of two cases and review of the literature.
Double compartment hydrocephalus in an adult.
Primary intrasellar coccidioidomycosis simulating a pituitary adenoma.
Validation of hourly pain intensity profiles with chronic pain patients.
Mechanism of analgesia induced by hypnosis and acupuncture: is there a difference?
Tardive dyskinesia and chronic pain.
Allodynia-like effects in rat after ischaemic spinal cord injury photochemically induced by laser irradiation.
Studies in autotomy: its pathophysiology and usefulness as a model of chronic pain.
Toward an integrated understanding of fibromyalgia syndrome. I. Medical and pathophysiological aspects.
Toward an integrated understanding of fibromyalgia syndrome. II. Psychological and phenomenological aspects.
The effects of dorsal column stimulation on measures of clinical and experimental pain in man.
Comparison of human pain sensation and flexion withdrawal evoked by noxious radiant heat.
Spinal and supraspinal correlates of nociception in man.
Efficacy of ICS 205-930, a novel 5-hydroxytryptamine3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonist, in the prevention of migraine attacks. A complex answer to a simple question. ICS 205-930 Migraine Study Group.
Preparing children for venous blood sampling.
Effects of sympathectomy in a model of causalgiform pain produced by partial sciatic nerve injury in rats.
The effect of diazepam enema on the rectal mucosa of rats.
Depression and chronic fatigue in the patient with chronic pain.
Induced hypertension during restoration of flow after temporary middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat: effect on neuronal injury and edema.
Paraplegia in a pregnant thalassemic woman due to extramedullary hematopoiesis: successful management with transfusions.
Digitally-directed transrectal biopsy using Biopty gun versus transrectal needle aspiration: comparison of diagnostic yield and comfort.
Abnormal responses to orthostatic testing in children and adolescents with recurrent unexplained syncope.
Chagas' cardioneuropathy: effect of ganglioside treatment in chronic dysautonomic patients--a randomized, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled study.
Comparison of intravenous urokinase plus heparin versus heparin alone in acute myocardial infarction. Urochinasi per via Sistemica nell'Infarto Miocardico (USIM) Collaborative Group.
Use of amiodarone for short-term and adjuvant therapy in young patients.
Failure of dithiothreitol and pronase to reveal a false-positive cryptococcal antigen determination in cerebrospinal fluid.
Vasopressin levels in infants during the course of aseptic and bacterial meningitis.
The effect of valproic acid on plasma carnitine levels.
Differential modulation by the stress axis of ethanol withdrawal seizure expression in WSP and WSR mice.
Reduced cerebral grey matter observed in alcoholics using magnetic resonance imaging.
Diazepam and intubation in emergency treatment of seizures in children.
Narrow-angle glaucoma presenting as acute, painless visual impairment.
Trauma-precipitated migrainous hemiparesis.
Stroke following oral trauma in children.
A mutation in the tRNA(Leu)(UUR) gene associated with the MELAS subgroup of mitochondrial encephalomyopathies
Relative kindling effect of detoxification and non-detoxification admissions in alcoholics.
MRI following severe perinatal asphyxia: preliminary experience.
Tentorial subdural hemorrhage in term newborns: ultrasonographic diagnosis and clinical correlates.
Cortical blindness in children: a study of etiology and prognosis.
Membrane cerebral lipids in Rett syndrome.
Magnetic resonance imaging in preterm infants.
Acute hemiplegia associated with HIV infection.
Ultrasonographic findings in thalamus and basal ganglia in term asphyxiated infants.
Monomelic amyotrophy in siblings.
Leber congenital amaurosis in siblings with diffuse dysmyelination.
Delayed presentation of a carotid-cavernous sinus fistula in a patient with traumatic brain injury.
Experience with rehabilitation in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Tethered cord syndrome complicating spina bifida occulta. A case report.
Recurrent severe traumatic brain injury. Series of six cases.
The use of transdermal scopolamine to control drooling. A case report.
Mechanisms and management of stroke in the elderly.
An analysis of the aetiology of early childhood deafness.
Pain in neonatal circumcision.
Perinatal mycoplasmal infections.
Factors affecting decisions to institutionalize demented elderly.
Time spent caregiving and help received by spouses and adult children of brain-impaired adults.
Information and referral service usage among caregivers for dementia patients.
The I-Abm12 mutation, which confers resistance to experimental myasthenia gravis, drastically affects the epitope repertoire of murine CD4+ cells sensitized to nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
Single photon emission computed tomography in patients with acute hydrocephalus or with cerebral ischaemia after subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Welander's distal myopathy: clinical, neurophysiological and muscle biopsy observations in young and middle aged adults with early symptoms.
Neurosarcoidosis--demonstration of meningeal disease by gadolinium enhanced magnetic resonance imaging.
Wildervanck or cervico-oculo-acoustic syndrome and MRI findings.
Central motor pathways in patients with mirror movements.
Dementia presenting with aphasia: clinical characteristics.
The neuropsychological sequelae of attempted hanging.
Different types of skew deviation.
Post-traumatic syringomyelia following uncomplicated spinal fracture.
Shunt failure caused by valve collapse.
Technetium-99m-d,1-hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime (HMPAO) uptake and glutathione content in brain tumors
Visual and quantitative analysis of interictal SPECT with technetium-99m-HMPAO in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Relevance of common tests of cerebrospinal fluid in screening for bacterial meningitis.
Pathophysiology of upper airway closure during sleep.
Evidence for major gene transmission of developmental dyslexia.
Prolactin and cortisol levels in various paroxysmal disorders in childhood.
Six-year follow-up of early physiotherapy intervention in very low birth weight infants.
Neurologic outcome after electroencephalographically proven neonatal seizures.
Sticks and stones may break my bones ... reasoning about illness causality and body functioning in children who have a chronic illness.
Enhanced GABAergic inhibition preserves hippocampal structure and function in a model of epilepsy.
Mapping of human microtubule-associated protein 1B in proximity to the spinal muscular atrophy locus at 5q13.
Effects of ultrasound and trolamine salicylate phonophoresis on delayed-onset muscle soreness.
Strongyloides stercoralis hyperinfection and central nervous system involvement in a patient with relapsing polychondritis.
Streptococcus salivarius meningitis and colonic carcinoma.
The perils of Pauline: visual loss in a tippler [clinical conference]
Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy and Kearns-Sayre syndrome: mitochondrial DNA mutations.
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome of the hand after placement of an arteriovenous graft for hemodialysis.
Respiration-deficient cells are caused by a single point mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA-Leu (UUR) gene in mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and strokelike episodes (MELAS).
The neurofibroma in von Recklinghausen neurofibromatosis has a unicellular origin.
Isolation of a human DNA sequence which spans the fragile X.
Full-field electroretinograms in patients with the carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome.
The effect of corneal hypesthesia on the duration of proparacaine anesthetic eyedrops.
Psychosis and physical aggression in probable Alzheimer's disease.
Are depressive symptoms nonspecific in patients with acute stroke?
Hypersomnia in bipolar depression: a comparison with narcolepsy using the multiple sleep latency test.
Buspirone: sedative or stimulant effect?
Sleep apnea in acromegaly.
Explicit memory and repetition priming in depression. Preliminary findings.
Optimal dose of neuroleptic in acute schizophrenia. A controlled study of the neuroleptic threshold and higher haloperidol dose.
Nicotine potentiation of haloperidol in reducing tic frequency in Tourette's disorder [published erratum appears in Am J Psychiatry 1991 Sep;148(9):1282]
Prevalence of primary fibromyalgia in the Finnish population.
Simultanagnosia. To see but not two see.
The nature of the naming deficit in Alzheimer's and Huntington's disease.
Early onset cerebellar ataxia with retained tendon reflexes. Clinical, electrophysiological and MRI observations in comparison with Friedreich's ataxia.
Mechanisms of visual spatial neglect. Absence of directional hypokinesia in spatial exploration.
Cerebral potentials evoked by painful, laser stimuli in patients with syringomyelia.
Impaired phonological reading in primary degenerative dementia.
Visual recognition memory. Neurophysiological evidence for the role of temporal white matter in man.
Quadrantic visual field defects. A hallmark of lesions in extrastriate (V2/V3) cortex.
The aphasic isolate. A clinical-CT scan study of a particularly severe subgroup of global aphasics.
An analysis of lymphocyte 3H-N-methyl-scopolamine binding in neurological patients. Evidence of altered binding in Alzheimer's disease.
Pain-related somatosensory evoked potentials in syringomyelia.
The hyperekplexias and their relationship to the normal startle reflex.
Through a looking glass. A new technique to demonstrate directional hypokinesia in unilateral neglect.
Alterations in the levels of iron, ferritin and other trace metals in Parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases affecting the basal ganglia.
Phonolexical agraphia. Superimposition of acquired lexical agraphia on developmental phonological dysgraphia.
Trunk orientation as the determining factor of the 'contralateral' deficit in the neglect syndrome and as the physical anchor of the internal representation of body orientation in space.
Cerebral vasoconstriction during head-upright tilt-induced vasovagal syncope. A paradoxic and unexpected response.
Relation of risk factor levels in young adulthood to parental history of disease. The CARDIA study
Prolonged paralysis after treatment with neuromuscular junction blocking agents.
"Near miss" death in obstructive sleep apnea: a critical care syndrome.
Pattern of simulated snoring is different through mouth and nose.
Maple syrup urine disease in Mennonites. Evidence that the Y393N mutation in E1 alpha impedes assembly of the E1 component of branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase complex.
Metabolism of prostaglandin F2 alpha in Zellweger syndrome. Peroxisomal beta-oxidation is a major importance for in vivo degradation of prostaglandins in humans.
The relation of dizziness to functional decline.
Geniculate neuralgia: the surgical management of primary otalgia.
Determination of cerebrospinal fluid shunt obstruction with magnetic resonance phase imaging.
Ventricular cerebrospinal fluid eosinophilia in children with ventriculoperitoneal shunts.
Hyperglycemia and neurological outcome in patients with head injury.
Radiation-induced meningiomas: experience at the Mount Sinai Hospital and review of the literature.
Sixth nerve schwannomas. Report of two cases.
Gliofibroma. Case report.
Sciatic nerve entrapment in a child. Case report.
The use of an intraluminal shunt for bypass grafts of the cavernous internal carotid artery. Technical note.
Risk factors for type-1 reactions in borderline leprosy patients.
The treatment of small acoustic tumors: now or later?
Computerized tomography and magnetic resonance imaging following cranial base surgery.
Development of human neural transplantation.
Association of hypovolemia after subarachnoid hemorrhage with computed tomographic scan evidence of raised intracranial pressure.
Intracanalicular acoustic neurinomas.
Chronic perineal pain related to sacral meningeal cysts.
Functional recovery after traumatic transtentorial herniation.
Elevated cortical venous pressure in hydrocephalus.
Hemodynamic response with passive neck flexion in brain death.
Ataxic hemiparesis associated with ipsilateral cerebellar syndrome caused by a paracentral gyrus lesion.
The danger of an ultra-early computed tomographic scan in a patient with an evolving acute epidural hematoma.
Reversal of a dense, persistent, holohemispheric neurological deficit after an endarterectomy of the carotid artery: case report.
Hemorrhagic venous infarction after excision of an arteriovenous malformation: case report.
Sarcoidosis presenting as an isolated intramedullary tumor.
Cyst of the ligamentum flavum: report of six cases.
Pachymeningitis associated with a pulmonary nodule.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the choroid plexus in Sjogren's disease.
Cystic cerebellar schwannoma: case report.
Lumbar disc surgery: results of the Prospective Lumbar Discectomy Study of the Joint Section on Disorders of the Spine and Peripheral Nerves of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Comparison of CT, low-field-strength MR imaging, and high-field-strength MR imaging. Work in progress.
Metabolic and destructive brain disorders in children: findings with localized proton MR spectroscopy.
Lumbar regional anaesthesia and prophylactic anticoagulant therapy. Is the combination safe?
Oral ketamine. Its use for mentally retarded adults requiring day care dental treatment.
Unilateral pulmonary oedema of the contralateral lung following transaxillary sympathectomy.
Pain on intradermal injection with lignocaine. The effect of concentration.
Rickettsial meningitis and encephalitis.
Serum cholesterol concentration and coronary heart disease in population with low cholesterol concentrations.
Screening for sleep apnea using pulse oximetry and a clinical score.
Diastolic time in diabetes. Impairment of diastolic time during dynamic exercise in type 2 diabetes with retinopathy.
Massive ST-segment elevation without myocardial injury in a patient with fulminant hepatic failure and cerebral edema.
Electroencephalogram patterns during sleep reflux in infants.
The origin of symptoms on the brain-gut axis in functional dyspepsia.
Reducing the risk of stroke: identifying patients to refer for carotid endarterectomy.
Do primary dysfunctions in neural control of arterial pressure contribute to hypertension?
Neural processing of craniovascular pain: a synthesis of the central structures involved in migraine.
Review article: migraine and pregnancy.
Bilateral episodic mydriasis as a migraine equivalent in childhood: a case report.
Migraine and epilepsy with infantile onset and electroencephalographic findings of occipital spike-wave complexes.
Criteria for the diagnosis of migraine in clinical practice.
Flunarizine in migraine: a minireview.
Visual evoked potentials and background EEG activity in migraine.
An unusual angiographic picture in status migrainosus.
Shortlasting, unilateral, neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection, tearing, and subclinical forehead sweating ("Sunct" syndrome): II. Changes in heart rate and arterial blood pressure during pain paroxysms.
Changes in neutrophil met-enkephalin containing peptides in episodic cluster headache.
Blood leukotrienes in headache: correlation with platelet activity.
Results of spinal arthrodesis with pedicle screw-plate fixation.
Variables controlling the secretion of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 in normal human subjects.
Decreased plasticity of glucoregulatory responses in aged rats: effects of chronic stress.
Risk factors for injurious falls: a prospective study.
Age differences in depressive symptom experiences.
A longitudinal investigation of the factor structure of subjective well-being: the case of the Philadelphia Geriatric Center Morale Scale.
Admission alcohol level: a predictor of the course of alcohol withdrawal.
Postoperative computed tomography study of pterygomaxillary separation during the Le Fort I osteotomy.
Tissue responses to degenerative changes in the temporomandibular joint: a review.
Self-reported sleep quality in HIV infection: correlation to the stage of infection and zidovudine therapy.
Phencyclidine increased release of beta-endorphin from anterior lobe of the pituitary.
Effect of cyclo(Leu-Gly) on cyclic GMP-phosphodiesterase activity changes associated with development of tolerance to morphine-induced antinociception, catalepsy, respiratory depression and mydriasis.
The dopamine D2 receptor locus as a modifying gene in neuropsychiatric disorders
AAEM minimonograph #11: Needle examination in clinical electromyography.
Large amplitude sensory action potentials in myelopathy: an observation.
Variations in anatomy of the ulnar nerve at the cubital tunnel: pitfalls in the diagnosis of ulnar neuropathy at the elbow.
Myotonia and neuromuscular transmission in the mouse.
The decline of mortality due to stroke: a competitive and deterministic perspective.
The effect of high-dose steroids on MRI gadolinium enhancement in acute demyelinating lesions.
Occurrence of stroke associated with use/abuse of drugs.
Inherited protein C deficiency and nonhemorrhagic arterial stroke in young adults.
Frontal lobe degeneration: clinical, neuropsychological, and SPECT characteristics.
Globoid cell leukodystrophy: a family with both late-infantile and adult type.
The Libyan Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease focus in Israel: an epidemiologic evaluation.
Do Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease patients of Jewish Libyan origin have unique clinical features?
Significance of CSF immunoglobulins in monitoring neurologic disease activity in Behcet's disease.
Hippocampal degeneration differentiates diffuse Lewy body disease (DLBD) from Alzheimer's disease: light and electron microscopic immunocytochemistry of CA2-3 neurites specific to DLBD.
Spinal muscular atrophy is not the result of mutations at the beta-hexosaminidase or GM2-activator locus.
Spike voltage topography identifies two types of frontotemporal epileptic foci.
The occurrence of epilepsy and febrile seizures in Virginian and Norwegian twins.
Parkinson's disease rigidity: magnetic motor evoked potentials in a small hand muscle.
Chronic morphine therapy for cancer pain: plasma and cerebrospinal fluid morphine and morphine-6-glucuronide concentrations.
Fetal akinesia deformation sequence (Pena-Shokeir phenotype) associated with acquired intrauterine brain damage.
Motor initiation versus execution in normal and Parkinson's disease subjects.
Reaction time and movement velocity abnormalities in Parkinson's disease under different task conditions.
Proteinase-resistant prion protein accumulation in Syrian hamster brain correlates with regional pathology and scrapie infectivity.
Inflammation at the neuromuscular junction in myasthenia gravis.
Plasticity of central motor pathways in children with hemiplegic cerebral palsy.
The prognostic value of postoperative seizures following epilepsy surgery.
9p monosomy in a patient with Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome.
Simplified limbal incision for extraocular rectus muscle surgery.
Familial nemaline myopathy: case reports.
Managing the care of patients with dementia. How to maximize level of functioning and minimize behavior problems.
Magnetic resonance images of brain stem infarct in periarteritis nodosa.
Lymphocytic adenohypophysitis: an immunohistochemical study.
Localization and needle aspiration of breast lesions: complications in 370 cases.
Complex ventricular ectopic activity in patients less than 20 years of age with or without syncope, and the role of ventricular extrastimulus testing.
Elevated cerebrospinal fluid pressures in patients with cryptococcal meningitis and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Stroke prevention in women: role of aspirin versus ticlopidine.
Risks associated with an elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein level.
Pelvic denervation for chronic pain associated with endometriosis: fact or fancy?
Striking CT scan findings in a case of unilateral moyamoya disease--a case report.
Effect of weight loss on upper airway collapsibility in obstructive sleep apnea.
Evaluation of a new weaning index based on ventilatory endurance and the efficiency of gas exchange.
Medullary catecholaminergic neurons in the normal human brain and in Parkinson's disease.
Cerebrovascular abnormalities in pediatric stroke: assessment using parenchymal and angiographic magnetic resonance imaging.
The acetylcholine-induced flare response in evaluation of small fiber dysfunction.
The European Stroke Prevention Study (ESPS): results by arterial distribution.
Strongly succinate dehydrogenase-reactive blood vessels in muscles from patients with mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes.
Suppression of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis by oral administration of myelin antigens: IV. Suppression of chronic relapsing disease in the Lewis rat and strain 13 guinea pig.
Benefits of monitoring plasma levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients with drug-induced chorea.
Epilepsy surgery in the posterior cortex.
Motor responses after transcranial electrical stimulation of cerebral hemispheres with a degenerated pyramidal tract.
Chorea-acanthocytosis: abnormal composition of covalently bound fatty acids of erythrocyte membrane proteins.
High-speed memory scanning in Parkinson's disease: adverse effects of levodopa.
Positron emission tomography suggests that the rate of progression of idiopathic parkinsonism is slow.
Deletion of mitochondrial DNA in patients with combined features of Kearns-Sayre and MELAS syndromes.
Fatal disseminated hemorrhagic toxoplasmic encephalitis as the initial manifestation of AIDS.
Generalized pustular psoriasis. A review of 63 cases.
Expression of HIV-1 in the cerebrospinal fluid detected by the polymerase chain reaction and its correlation with central nervous system disease.
Antral choanal polyp presenting as obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
Cranial computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Short-term oral zinc supplementation does not improve chronic hepatic encephalopathy. Results of a double-blind crossover trial.
A double-blinded, randomized trial of hydrocortisone in acute hepatic failure. The Acute Hepatic Failure Study Group.
Abnormal perception of visceral pain in response to gastric distension in chronic idiopathic dyspepsia. The irritable stomach syndrome.
Emergency department stabilization of pediatric patients with bacterial meningitis. Current advances.
Preclinical markers in studies of Parkinson's disease.
Electrophysiologic analysis of early Parkinson's disease.
Long-latency neurodegenerative disease in the western Pacific.
Preclinical detection of motor and nonmotor manifestations.
Olfactory dysfunction in three neurodegenerative diseases.
Genetic susceptibility to Parkinson's disease.
Liver enzyme abnormalities in Parkinson's disease.
Review of neurobehavioral assessment tools.
Arthroscopic stapling for detached superior glenoid labrum.
Total hip replacement for juvenile chronic arthritis.
Distal transfer of the greater trochanter.
Malignant schwannoma associated with xeroderma pigmentosum in a patient belonging to complementation group D.
Asymptomatic blastomycosis of the central nervous system with progression in patients given ketoconazole therapy: a report of two cases.
Sleep difficulties, pain and other correlates.
Clinical symptoms in young adults with atypical chest pain attending the emergency department.
Cysts of the neuraxis of endodermal origin.
Cerebral infarction in young people. A study of 148 patients with early cerebral angiography.
Prospective neuropathological validation of Hachinski's Ischaemic Score in dementias.
Cavernomas of the central nervous system: clinical and neuroimaging manifestations in 47 patients.
Cerebral haemorrhage in a French prospective population study.
Square wave jerks in parkinsonian syndromes.
Dopaminergic induced changes in cognitive and motor processing in Parkinson's disease: an electrophysiological investigation.
Primary meningeal B lymphoma presenting as a subacute ascending polyradiculoneuropathy.
Mid-brain pathology of Wilson's disease: MRI analysis of three cases.
Anterograde amnesia with fornix damage following removal of IIIrd ventricle colloid cyst.
Psychosis following temporal lobe surgery: a report of six cases.
Clinical and CT correlates in the diagnosis of intracranial tumours.
Postradiation lower motor neuron syndrome presenting as monomelic amyotrophy.
Persistence of Theiler's virus infection following promotion of central nervous system remyelination.
Experimental superficial siderosis of the central nervous system. I. Morphological observations.
The long distance effects of brain lesions: visualization of axonal pathways and their terminations in the human brain by the Nauta method.
Cardiovascular reflexes and autonomic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
CD4+ lymphocyte subsets in the cerebrospinal fluid of multiple sclerosis and non-inflammatory neurological diseases.
Determination of erythrocyte-bound acetylcholinesterase activity for monitoring pyridostigmine therapy in myasthenia gravis.
Subacute AIDS-related lumbosacral radiculopathy: a bacterial infection?
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in serum and its relationship to T cell abnormality and clinical manifestations of the disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
A case of intracerebral air embolism secondary to the insertion of a Hickman line.
Neurological and neuropathological sequelae of correction of chronic hyponatremia.
Microvascular angina. Cardiovascular investigations regarding pathophysiology and management.
Pain threshold levels and coping strategies among patients who have chest pain and normal coronary arteries.
Long-term results after lateral cranial base surgery.
Auditory performance with simultaneous intracochlear multichannel stimulation.
A selective deficit for writing vowels in acquired dysgraphia
The effects of induced mood on laboratory pain.
Glycerol injection into the trigeminal ganglion provokes a selective increase in human cerebral blood flow.
Intravenous phentolamine test: diagnostic and prognostic use in reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
Quantitative sensory testing before and after regional guanethidine block in patients with neuralgia in the hand.
Can anxiety help us tolerate pain?
Confirming the theoretical structure of the McGill Pain Questionnaire in acute clinical pain.
The development of a Norwegian pain questionnaire.
A novel technique for the evaluation of mechanical pain and hyperalgesia.
Standards for selected anthropometric measurements in Prader-Willi syndrome.
Variation in intravaginal pressure measurements.
Physiological and anatomical evidence for a magnocellular defect in developmental dyslexia.
Functional assessment of neurologic impairment: track analysis in diabetic and compression neuropathies.
The medial temporal lobe memory system.
Paramyotonia congenita and hyperkalemic periodic paralysis map to the same sodium-channel gene locus.
High frequency of the Gaucher disease mutation at nucleotide 1226 among Ashkenazi Jews.
GM2-gangliosidosis B1 variant: analysis of beta-hexosaminidase alpha gene mutations in 11 patients from a defined region in Portugal.
Case report: epidural and bilateral retroorbital hematomas complicating sickle cell anemia.
Endocrine manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Fluconazole: a new triazole antifungal agent.
The pharmacology of stuttering: a critical review.
Neuroleptic use, parkinsonian symptoms, tardive dyskinesia, and associated factors in child and adolescent psychiatric patients.
The axial load teardrop fracture. A biomechanical, clinical and roentgenographic analysis.
Platelet-activating factor in stroke and brain injury.
Presence of the terminal complement complex (C5b-9) precedes myelin degradation in immune-mediated demyelination of the rat peripheral nervous system.
Presynaptic and postsynaptic striatal dopaminergic function in neuroacanthocytosis: a positron emission tomographic study.
Does tremor pace repetitive voluntary motor behavior in Parkinson's disease?
Uhthoff's symptom in optic neuritis: relationship to magnetic resonance imaging and development of multiple sclerosis.
Reduced D2 dopamine and muscarinic cholinergic receptor densities in caudate specimens from fluctuating parkinsonian patients.
Catecholaminergic neurons in the parabrachial nucleus of normal individuals and patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Lyme neuroborreliosis: a new sensitive diagnostic assay for intrathecal synthesis of Borrelia burgdorferi--specific immunoglobulin G, A, and M.
Schwannoma of the brachial plexus mimicking an apical lung tumor.
Stereotaxic implantation of autologous adrenal medulla into caudate nucleus in four patients with parkinsonism. One-year follow-up.
Implantation of human fetal ventral mesencephalon to the right caudate nucleus in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Borrelia rhombencephalomyelopathy.
Cerebrospinal fluid interleukins, immunoglobulins, and fibronectin in neuroborreliosis.
Clinical implications of seizures in neurosarcoidosis.
Myasthenia gravis in childhood and infancy. Usefulness of electrophysiologic studies.
Generalized cortical dysplasia. Clinical and pathologic aspects.
Parkinson's disease in Ferrara, Italy, 1967 through 1987.
The coexistence of tics and dystonia.
Delayed postanoxic encephalopathy after strangulation. Serial neuroradiological and neurochemical studies.
Electrophysiologic analysis of early Parkinson's disease.
CT, MRI, and autopsy findings in brain of a patient with MELAS.
Incidence of neuropathy in 395 patients with ovarian cancer treated with or without cisplatin.
Diabetic ketoacidosis. Neurologic collapse during treatment followed by severe developmental morbidity.
Delays in the discharge of elderly patients.
A phase IA trial of sequential administration recombinant DNA-produced interferons: combination recombinant interferon gamma and recombinant interferon alfa in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Continuous monitoring of cerebral oxygenation in acute brain injury: injection of mannitol during hyperventilation.
Regional cerebral blood flow imaging: a quantitative comparison of technetium-99m-HMPAO SPECT with C15O2 PET.
Cerebral blood flow and carbon dioxide reactivity in children with bacterial meningitis.
Chlamydia trachomatis in the fallopian tubes of women without laparoscopic evidence of salpingitis.
K-edge digital subtraction arthrography of the painful hip prosthesis: a feasibility study.
Diffusion-weighted MR imaging of the brain: value of differentiating between extraaxial cysts and epidermoid tumors.
MR imaging of CSF-like choroidal fissure and parenchymal cysts of the brain.
Spinal cord pial metastases: MR imaging with gadopentetate dimeglumine.
Relation of psychopathology in general medical inpatients to use and cost of services.
Motor neuron disease in a patient with a monoclonal IgMk directed against GM1, GD1b, and high-molecular-weight neural-specific glycoproteins.
Carpal tunnel syndrome in the mucopolysaccharidoses and related disorders.
Progressive myoclonic ataxia (the Ramsay Hunt syndrome).
Valproate-induced coma with ketosis and carnitine insufficiency.
Steps towards cost-benefit analysis of regional neurosurgical care
Gene mapping in the idiopathic generalized epilepsies: juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, childhood absence epilepsy, epilepsy with grand mal seizures, and early childhood myoclonic epilepsy.
Chaos, balance, and development: thoughts on selected childhood epilepsy syndromes.
Epilepsy and brain tumors: implications for treatment.
Association of sustained oxyhemoglobin desaturation and onset of cluster headache attacks.
Clinical characteristics of acromegalic patients whose pituitary tumors contain mutant Gs protein.
Evaluation of epiglottoplasty as treatment for severe laryngomalacia [published erratum appears in J Pediatr 1991 Jan;118(1):168]
Use of parenteral medium-chain triglyceride emulsion for maintaining seizure control in a 5-year-old girl with intractable diarrhea.
Branched-chain-enriched amino acid solutions in patients with liver failure: an early example of nutritional pharmacology.
Nutritional aspects and swallowing function of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Familial amyloid polyneuropathy: alanine-for-threonine substitution in the transthyretin (prealbumin) molecule.
Cranial vault and gigantic intracranial hydatid cyst in a young woman.
Intrathoracic meningocele associated with neurofibromatosis: case report.
Naltrexone in functional hypothalamic amenorrhea and in the normal luteal phase.
Labyrinthine ossification after meningitis: its implications for cochlear implantation.
Acoustic neuroma: a cost-effective approach.
Estrogen and progesterone binding by acoustic neuroma tissue.
Carcinoma of the prostate. Treating disease that has metastasized.
Cerebrospinal fluid atrial natriuretic factor in intracranial disease.
Incidence of cerebral hemorrhage after treatment with tissue plasminogen activator or streptokinase following embolic stroke in rabbits [corrected] [published erratum appears in Stroke 1991 Feb;22(2):285]
Effect of intra-arterial tissue plasminogen activator and urokinase on autologous arterial emboli in the cerebral circulation of rabbits [corrected] [published erratum appears in Stroke 1991 Feb;22(2):285]
Stroke in patients treated with thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction. The thrombosis in myocardial infarction clinical trial and a review of placebo-controlled trials.
Sarcoidosis of the CNS: comparison of unenhanced and enhanced MR images.
Visual function in patients undergoing long-term total parenteral nutrition.
Hypothalamic amenorrhea: clinical perspectives, pathophysiology, and management.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone: Lutrepulse for injection.
Axonal neuropathy with monoclonal IgG kappa that binds to a neurofilament protein.
IgG reactivity in the spinal cord and motor cortex in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Cytochrome c oxidase deficiency with acute onset and rapid recovery.
Stereotactic multiple arc radiotherapy.
The relationship between locomotor disability, autonomic dysfunction, and the integrity of the striatal dopaminergic system in patients with multiple system atrophy, pure autonomic failure, and Parkinson's disease, studied with PET.
Cortical benzodiazepine receptor binding in patients with generalized and partial epilepsy.
Some genetic aspects of idiopathic and symptomatic absence seizures: waking and sleep EEGs in siblings.
Some genetic aspects of rolandic epilepsy: waking and sleep EEGs in siblings.
Extracellular matrix disruption and pain after eccentric muscle action.
Cranial magnetic resonance imaging in chronic demyelinating polyneuropathy.
Access to health care in the United States: barriers for neurologic patients, challenges for neurologic physicians
Predictive value of brainstem evoked response in the diagnosis of acoustic neuroma.
Diagnosis and treatment of arachnoid cysts of the posterior fossa.
Preservation of hearing in neurofibromatosis 2.
Severity of obstructive sleep apnea.
Developing a dysphagia program in an acute care hospital: a needs assessment.
Percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy and early mortality.
Differing patterns of striatal 18F-dopa uptake in Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy, and progressive supranuclear palsy.
The nigrostriatal dopaminergic system assessed in vivo by positron emission tomography in healthy volunteer subjects and patients with Parkinson's disease.
The growth hormone, prolactin and TSH response to TRH and L-dopa in patients with hyperprolactinaemia and a normal-sized sella turcica may denote a pituitary adenoma.
Intractable partial epilepsy: evaluation and treatment.
Dideoxyinosine in children with symptomatic human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Failure of MR imaging to detect reflex sympathetic dystrophy of the extremities.
Focal high signal on MR scans of the midbrain caused by enlarged perivascular spaces: MR-pathologic correlation.
Daily chronic headache.
Residential arrangements for adults with cerebral palsy--California, 1988.
Characterization of Bay U 3405, a novel thromboxane A2/endoperoxide receptor antagonist.
Cost-effectiveness of hepatitis B screening in a mental health institution.
Neopterin and interferon-gamma in serum and cerebrospinal fluid of patients with HIV-associated neurologic disease.
Tissue plasminogen activator reduces brain injury in a rabbit model of thromboembolic stroke.
Masseter muscle spasm in children: implications of continuing the triggering anesthetic.
Contemporary management of neurofibromatosis.
Glial contribution to seizure: carbonic anhydrase activity in epileptic mammalian brain.
Effect of milacemide on audiogenic seizures and cortical (Na+, K+)-ATPase of DBA/2J mice.
Effect of DN-1417 on photosensitivity and cortically kindled seizure in Senegalese baboons, Papio papio.
Reactive occipital epileptiform activity: is it benign?
An apparent cluster of congenital hypopituitarism in central Massachusetts: magnetic resonance imaging and hormonal studies.
Unilateral hydrocephalus: prenatal sonographic diagnosis.
Intracranial vascular abnormalities: value of MR phase imaging to distinguish thrombus from flowing blood.
Early combination of selegiline and low-dose levodopa as initial symptomatic therapy in Parkinson's disease. Experience in 26 patients receiving combined therapy for 26 months.
Delayed plasma clearance of phenylalanine and tyrosine in elderly men.
Independent prognostic factors in patients with metastatic (stage D2) prostate cancer. The Zoladex Study Group
Effects of atrial natriuretic peptide on ischemic brain edema in rats evaluated by proton magnetic resonance method.
A phase I study of high-dose ifosfamide and escalating doses of carboplatin with autologous bone marrow support.
Benign spinal nerve sheath tumors: their occurrence sporadically and in neurofibromatosis types 1 and 2.
Scrapie-associated prion protein accumulates in astrocytes during scrapie infection.
Diaphragmatic performance during recovery from acute ventilatory failure in Guillain-Barre syndrome and myasthenia gravis.
The dizzy patient: etiologic treatment.
Intraoperative monitoring of facial nerve function in cerebellopontine angle surgery.
KTP laser stapedotomy: is it safe?
Three-dimensional x-ray computed tomography of the temporal bone as an aid to surgical planning.
Nasal schwannoma.
Hearing improvement after acoustic tumor removal.
Meningiomas of the lateral skull base: neurotologic manifestations and patterns of recurrence.
Effect of theophylline on sleep and sleep-disordered breathing in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Somatosensory and magnetic evoked potentials in a postoperative paraparetic patient: case report.
Intracerebral hemorrhage, cerebral infarction, and subdural hematoma after acute myocardial infarction and thrombolytic therapy in the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Study. Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, Phase II, pilot and clinical trial.
Children with epilepsy: the effect of seizures, syndromes, and etiological factors on cognitive functioning.
Human atrial natriuretic factor and renin-aldosterone in paracetamol induced fulminant hepatic failure.
Aseptic meningitis following cardiac transplantation: clinical characteristics and relationship to immunosuppressive regimen.
A prion protein missense variant is integrated in kuru plaque cores in patients with Gerstmann-Straussler syndrome.
Results of surgery for extratemporal partial epilepsy that began in childhood.
Surgical approaches for resection of heterotopic ossification in traumatic brain-injured adults.
Total hip replacement with cemented, uncemented, and hybrid prostheses. A comparison of clinical and radiographic results at two to four years.
Comparative efficacy and safety of intravenous and oral administration of a TRH analogue (RX77368) in motor neuron disease.
Acute regional cerebral blood flow changes caused by severe head injuries.
Biological significance of tissue plasminogen activator content in brain tumors.
Symptomatic diverticulum of the 4th ventricle.
Extracolonic manifestations of the familial adenomatous polyposis syndromes.
MR anatomy and pathology of the hypothalamus.
Striatal function in normal aging: implications for Parkinson's disease.
Nasogastric feeding at home: acceptability and safety.
Prenatal diagnosis of the neurofibromatoses.
Combined nasal intermittent positive-pressure ventilation and rocking bed in chronic respiratory insufficiency. Nocturnal ventilatory support of a disabled person at home.
Responsiveness to phenobarbital in an adult with Crigler-Najjar disease associated with neurological involvement and skin hyperextensibility.
Local cerebral glucose utilization in rats with petit mal-like seizures.
Symptomatic cerebral swelling complicating diabetic ketoacidosis documented by intraventricular pressure monitoring: survival without neurologic sequela.
Diagnostic imaging of heterotopic ossification with coexistent deep-venous thrombosis in flaccid paraplegia.
Prolonged relief of neuralgia after regional anesthetic blocks. A call for further experimental and systematic clinical studies.
Decreased oxyhemoglobin affinity in patients with sleep apnea syndrome.
Abnormal vitamin B12 metabolism in human immunodeficiency virus infection. Association with neurological dysfunction.
Neonatal schizencephaly: comparison of brain imaging.
CHARGE and Joubert syndromes: are they a single disorder?
A case of chronic GM1 gangliosidosis presenting as dystonia: clinical and biochemical studies.
Modified Rambo meatoplasty in translabyrinthine tumor removal.
Vestibular autorotation test asymmetry analysis of acoustic neuromas.
Intratemporal facial nerve hemangiomas.
Comparison of speech perception abilities in deaf children with hearing aids or cochlear implants.
Cerebrospinal fluid leaks and meningitis in acoustic neuroma surgery.
Operative management of acoustic neuromas: the priority of neurologic function over complete resection.
Hypertension, lipoprotein(a), and apolipoprotein A-I as risk factors for stroke in the Chinese.
Corticobasal degeneration. A unique pattern of regional cortical oxygen hypometabolism and striatal fluorodopa uptake demonstrated by positron emission tomography.
Parkinson's disease: new treatment strategies.
Intractable epilepsy and structural lesions of the brain: mapping, resection strategies, and seizure outcome.
Exacerbation of partial seizures and onset of nonepileptic myoclonus with carbamazepine.
Clinical effects of allopurinol on intractable epilepsy.
Local application of somatostatin in the rat ventrolateral brain medulla induces apnea.
Abnormal guanine nucleotide regulatory protein in MVP dysautonomia: evidence from reconstitution of Gs.
Myasthenia gravis. T epitopes on the delta subunit of human muscle acetylcholine receptor.
Using ADLs to establish eligibility for long-term care among the cognitively impaired.
Resolution of microsporidial epithelial keratopathy in a patient with AIDS.
Acoustic-distortion products: separation of sensory from neural dysfunction in sensorineural hearing loss in human beings and rabbits.
Comparison of computerized tomography and magnetic resonance imaging for the postoperative assessment of residual acoustic tumor.
Perilymph fistulas: the House Ear Clinic experience.
Sudden hearing loss due to AIDS-related cryptococcal meningitis--a temporal bone study.
Selegiline: initial or adjunctive therapy of Parkinson's disease?
Hypertension following erythropoietin therapy in anemic hemodialysis patients.
Abnormal pattern of luteinizing hormone pulsatility in women with epilepsy.
Differences of pathophysiology in experimental meningitis caused by three strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
The nigrostriatal dopaminergic pathway in Wilson's disease studied with positron emission tomography.
Differential effect of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator-induced thrombolysis in the central nervous system and systemic arteries.
Brain biopsy in tuberculoma: the risks and benefits.
Biochemical and molecular analysis of cytochrome c oxidase deficiency in Leigh's syndrome.
Increased free light chains in the urine from patients with multiple sclerosis.
Incidental microvesicular steatosis due to valproic acid anticonvulsant therapy.
Positron emission tomography in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Late-infantile type galactosialidosis. Histopathology of the retina and optic nerve.
Magnetic resonance imaging of central nervous system lesions in patients with lupus erythematosus. Correlation with clinical remission and antineurofilament and anticardiolipin antibody titers.
Bilateral retinal hamartomas in neurofibromatosis type 2.
Management of chiasmal and hypothalamic gliomas of infancy and childhood with chemotherapy.
The morbidity of long-term seizure monitoring using subdural strip electrodes.
Genetic linkage of autosomal recessive canine narcolepsy with a mu immunoglobulin heavy-chain switch-like segment.
Seizures in patients simultaneously receiving theophylline and imipenem or ciprofloxacin or metronidazole.
Purpura fulminans and adrenal hemorrhage due to group Y meningococcemia in an elderly woman.
Effects of 30-h sleep loss on cardiorespiratory functions at rest and in exercise.
A phase I/II study of trichosanthin treatment of HIV disease
A double-blind comparison of low-dose intravenous ketamine and methohexital in adults.
Economic impact of diagnosis-related groups and severity of illness on reimbursement for central nervous system infections.
Prospective evaluation of epidural and intravenous administration of fentanyl for pain control and restoration of ventilatory function following multiple rib fractures.
Prevention of stroke and brain damage with calcium antagonists in animals.
Functional results after total or near total glossectomy with laryngeal preservation.
Endothelium-dependent responses of cerebral blood vessels during chronic hypertension.
Miosis and internal ophthalmoplegia as a manifestation of partial seizures.
Spinal cord schistosomiasis: a pediatric case mimicking intrinsic cord neoplasm.
Protective effect of electrical stimulation in the deafened guinea pig cochlea.
Occupational carpal tunnel syndrome in Washington State, 1984-1988.
123I-iodoamphetamine SPECT brain imaging in alternating hemiplegia.
A checklist for managing the dementia patient.
Blood flow reactivity to hypercapnia in strictly unilateral carotid disease: preliminary results.
Neuromyotonia in hereditary motor neuropathy.
Cerebrovascular CO2 reactivity in migraine: assessment by transcranial Doppler ultrasound.
Mitochondrial encephalopathies: molecular genetic diagnosis from blood samples.
Effects of treatment with nasal continuous positive airway pressure on atrial natriuretic peptide and arginine vasopressin release during sleep in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea.
Human hepatocyte growth factor in blood of patients with fulminant hepatic failure. Basic aspects.
Treatment of fulminant viral hepatic failure with prostaglandin E. A preliminary report.
Intensive liver care and management of acute hepatic failure.
Increased MR signal intensity due to cervical myelopathy. Analysis of 29 surgical cases.
Decrease in the size of tetanic responses produced by nitrendipine or by extracellular calcium ion removal without blocking twitches or action potentials in skeletal muscle.
Spinal epidural hematoma causing cord compression after tissue plasminogen activator and heparin therapy.
Autosomal recessive lethal infantile cytochrome C oxidase deficiency.
A rare cause of nasal obstruction: a solitary neurofibroma.
The effects of adenotonsillectomy on growth in young children.
Identification of perilymph proteins by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis.
Acetylcholine receptor-reactive T and B cells in myasthenia gravis and controls.
Tocainide therapy in muscle cramps and spasms due to neuromuscular disease.
Improvement by acetylcysteine of hemodynamics and oxygen transport in fulminant hepatic failure.
Detection of preclinical Parkinson's disease with PET.
Preclinical detection of Parkinson's disease: biochemical approaches.
Mitochondrial DNA and Parkinson's disease.
Epileptiform EEG activity of the centromedian thalamic nuclei in children with intractable generalized seizures of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
Status epilepticus in benign rolandic epilepsy manifesting as anterior operculum syndrome.
Magnetic resonance imaging and late-onset epilepsy.
Discontinuation of phenytoin and carbamazepine in patients receiving felbamate.
Content and boundaries of medicine in long-term care: physicians talk about stroke.
Bacterial meningitis: T cell activation and immunoregulatory CD4+ T cell subset alteration.
Emergency intubation for paralysis of the uncooperative trauma patient.
Selegiline (deprenyl) treatment and death of nigral neurons in Parkinson's disease.
Molecular biology of prion diseases.
Nutritional support in liver failure.
Mechanisms of asphyxial brain damage, and possible pharmacologic interventions, in the fetus.
Parenteral drug products containing aluminum as an ingredient or a contaminant: response to Food and Drug Administration notice of intent and request for information. ASCN/A.S.P.E.N. Working Group on Standards for Aluminum Content of Parenteral Nutrition Solutions.
Dry beriberi: unusual complication of prolonged parenteral nutrition.
Platelet antiaggregate activity.
Scrapie-infected spleens: analysis of infectivity, scrapie-associated fibrils, and protease-resistant proteins.
The effect of intravenous flumazenil on interictal electroencephalographic epileptic activity: results of a placebo-controlled study.
Congenital muscular dystrophy: brain alterations in an unselected series of Western patients.
Extracranial vertebral artery dissection following tonic clonic seizure.
Delirium in an elderly woman possibly associated with administration of misoprostol.
Heterotopic ossification and peripheral nerve entrapment: early diagnosis and excision.
Altered interleukin-2 secretion in patients with primary fibromyalgia syndrome.
Epidemiology of absence epilepsy: EEG findings and their predictive value.
Prognostic significance of acute epilepsia partialis continua.
Abnormal hormonal and renal responses to saline load in hypertensive patients with parental history of cardiovascular accidents.
Defining the proper role for self-administered sublingual nitroglycerin. A survey of physicians and patients.
Treating the progressive stages of Parkinson's disease.
Cerebral dural sinus thrombosis.
Haemodynamic changes during the apnoea test for diagnosis of brain death.
Exaggerated and prolonged thyrotrophin releasing hormone (TRH) test responses in tertiary hypothyroidism.
Transoral decompression evaluated by cine-mode magnetic resonance imaging: a case of basilar impression accompanied by Chiari malformation.
Diagnostic tests for choreoacanthocytosis.
Catalase-negative listeria monocytogenes causing meningitis in an adult. Clinical and laboratory features.
Lithotripsy versus cholecystectomy for management of gallstones. A decision analysis by Markov process.
The feeding pharyngostomy: an alternative approach to enteral feeding.
Intracisternal recombinant tissue plasminogen activator after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Interaction between free radicals and excitatory amino acids in the formation of ischemic brain edema in rats.
Epitope map of neurofilament protein domains in cortical and peripheral nervous system Lewy bodies.
National surveillance of dialysis-associated diseases in the United States, 1989.
Enterococcal meningitis in an HIV positive haemophilic patient.
Stroke-like episodes in familial mitochondrial encephalomyopathy: clinical and biochemical aspects.
Central nervous system monitoring. What helps, what does not.
Beneficial effects of isovolemic hemodilution using a perfluorocarbon emulsion in a stroke model.
Sleep-induced periodic breathing and apnea: a theoretical study.
Early enteral nutrition after brain injury by percutaneous endoscopic gastrojejunostomy.
Nutrition and alcoholic liver disease.
Human beta-galactosidase gene mutations in GM1-gangliosidosis: a common mutation among Japanese adult/chronic cases.
Surgical versus medical treatment for epilepsy. II. Outcome related to social areas.
Double-blind study of Gabapentin in the treatment of partial seizures.
Effects of magnesium sulfate on pentylenetetrazol-induced status epilepticus.
Muscle mitochondrial DNA in encephalomyopathy and ragged red fibres: a Southern blot analysis and literature review.
Ossified mucin-secreting choroid plexus adenoma: case report.
An innovative method for neuraxis radiotherapy using partial transmission block technique.
Carnitine deficiency associated with ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency.
Rhabdomyolysis in children: a 3-year retrospective study.
Is routine CT scanning necessary in the preoperative evaluation of patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy?
Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring: prognostic aspects during acoustic tumor removal.
Facial nerve monitoring in acoustic tumor surgery.
Torticollis in children.
GM1-gangliosidosis (genetic beta-galactosidase deficiency): identification of four mutations in different clinical phenotypes among Japanese patients.
Identification of a missense mutation in one allele of a patient with Pompe disease, and use of endonuclease digestion of PCR-amplified RNA to demonstrate lack of mRNA expression from the second allele.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and temporal lobe epilepsy.
A comparative immunohistochemical study of Kuru and senile plaques with a special reference to glial reactions at various stages of amyloid plaque formation.
Epileptogenic effect of hypoxia in the immature rodent brain.
Detection of preclinical Parkinson's disease with PET.
Comparison of four laser types for experimental pain stimulation on oral mucosa and hairy skin.
