Treatment of accidental digital injection of epinephrine.
Airway response to exercise and methacholine in children with respiratory symptoms.
Is low birth weight a risk factor for asthma during adolescence?
Delay in diagnosis of childhood asthma and its influence on respiratory consultation rates.
Clues and pitfalls in stereotactic biopsy of the central nervous system.
The prevalence of atopy and hypersensitivity to formaldehyde in pathologists.
Malignant lymphoma of the urinary bladder. A case with signet-ring cells simulating urachal adenocarcinoma.
Barrier efficiency of surgical gowns. Are we really protected from our patients' pathogens?
The influence of gender on the susceptibility to multiple sclerosis in sibships.
Linear IgA disease of adults: association with lymphoproliferative malignancy and possible role of other triggering factors.
Epidermal interleukin 1 in normal skin of patients with HIV infection.
Eczematous infiltrated plaques to subcutaneous heparin: a type IV allergic reaction.
Anti-MY9-blocked-ricin: an immunotoxin for selective targeting of acute myeloid leukemia cells.
Homing and progression patterns of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemias in severe combined immunodeficiency mice.
Impact of pretransplant conditioning and donor T cells on chimerism, graft-versus-host disease, graft-versus-leukemia reactivity, and tolerance after bone marrow transplantation.
Autologous bone marrow transplantation in 69 patients with a history of low-grade B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection in pregnancy.
Occupational skin disease in Western Australia.
Epidemiological survey of standard series patch test results and observations on day 2 and day 4 readings.
Undetectable caeruloplasmin values in a patient with autoimmune chronic active hepatitis.
Lipopolysaccharide from Escherichia coli reduces antigen-induced bronchoconstriction in actively sensitized guinea pigs.
Local anesthetic allergy. Its recognition and avoidance.
A subset of asialo GM1+ cells play a protective role in the occurrence of graft-versus-host disease in mice.
Colchicine is a potent adjuvant for eliciting T cell responses.
The influence of avidity on signaling murine B lymphocytes with monoclonal anti-IgM antibodies. Effects of B cell proliferation versus growth inhibition (tolerance) of an immature B cell lymphoma.
Immunity to type XI collagen in mice. Evidence that the alpha 3(XI) chain of type XI collagen and the alpha 1(II) chain of type II collagen share arthritogenic determinants and induce arthritis in DBA/1 mice.
Limited T cell receptor diversity of transplacentally acquired maternal T cells in severe combined immunodeficiency.
Protection against experimental encephalomyelitis. Idiotypic autoregulation induced by a nonencephalitogenic T cell clone expressing a cross-reactive T cell receptor V gene.
Clonal analysis of the peripheral T cell compartment of the SCID-hu mouse.
In vivo administration of recombinant granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor results in a reversible inhibition of primary B lymphopoiesis.
In vitro efficacy of anti-HIV immunotoxins targeted by various antibodies to the envelope protein.
Autoimmune enteropathy and nephropathy with circulating anti-epithelial cell antibodies.
Update: transmission of HIV infection during invasive dental procedures--Florida.
Occurrence of infections in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Leptotrichia buccalis bacteremia in patients with cancer: report of four cases and review.
Relation of the pathogenesis of human immunodeficiency virus infection to various strategies for its control.
Counseling patients on proper use of condoms.
Clinical significance of histology and immunophenotype in childhood diffuse large cell lymphoma.
Stereotactic brain biopsy in the diagnosis of malignant lymphoma.
Pediatric human immunodeficiency virus infection and the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. A health care crisis of children and families.
The challenge of caring for indigent children with rheumatologic diseases.
Renal cortical nephrocalcinosis: a manifestation of extrapulmonary Pneumocystis carinii infection in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Remission of hepatitis B-associated membranous glomerulonephritis in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Dapsone for thrombocytopenic purpura related to human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Lung function in former intravenous drug abusers: the effect of ubiquitous cigarette smoking.
Use of a somatostatin analogue, octreotide acetate, in the management of acute gastrointestinal graft-versus-host disease.
Methotrexate and histologic hepatic abnormalities: a meta-analysis.
Experimental toxoplasmosis and vaccine tests in Aotus monkeys.
Parent-child concordance in multiple sclerosis.
Analysis of retroviral sequences in the spinal form of multiple sclerosis.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome prevention. Knowledge, attitudes, and practices of primary care physicians.
Physicians' attitudes, beliefs, and practices regarding AIDS health care promotion.
Extrapulmonary Pneumocystis carinii infections in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Retinal detachments in patients with cytomegalovirus retinitis.
Antibodies to platelets in patients with anti-phospholipid antibodies.
Prevalence of asthma in Melbourne schoolchildren: changes over 26 years.
Home nebulisers in childhood asthma: survey of hospital supervised use.
Histopathology of multiple sclerosis lesions detected by magnetic resonance imaging in unfixed postmortem central nervous system tissue.
The natural history of multiple sclerosis: a geographically based study. 3. Multivariate analysis of predictive factors and models of outcome.
The natural history of multiple sclerosis: a geographically based study. 4. Applications to planning and interpretation of clinical therapeutic trials.
Age of onset in siblings concordant for multiple sclerosis.
Ki-1-positive lymphoma developing 10 years after the diagnosis of hairy cell leukemia.
The social impact of asthma.
Patients with sexually transmitted disease: a well-defined HIV risk group in general practice?
Medical students knowledge of HIV infection and AIDS. Members of the Association of University Teachers in General Practice.
Asthma: a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge.
Cytomegalovirus infection of the appendix in patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Increased frequency of infection after open reduction of fractures in patients who are seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus.
Serological diagnosis of HIV infection: practice and performance in western Europe.
Cockroach-allergen study: allergen patterns of three common cockroach species probed by allergic sera collected in two cities.
Effective site of bronchodilation by antiasthma drugs in subjects with asthma.
Abnormal response to a human B cell growth factor in patients with common variable immunodeficiency (CVI).
Facilitated referral to asthma specialist reduces relapses in asthma emergency room visits.
Cardiopulmonary arrest following an infusion of calcium 2-amino ethanol phosphate.
Cough-variant asthma in children and adults: case reports and review.
The etiology of medical gridlock: causes of emergency department overcrowding in New York City
Upper airway obstruction from AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
Paramedics: knowledge base and attitudes towards AIDS and hepatitis.
Detection of HIV-1 in epidermal Langerhans cells of HIV-infected patients using the polymerase chain reaction.
Enhanced reactive oxygen species metabolism of air space cells in hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Autonomic nerve antibodies and autonomic nerve function in type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients.
Interleukin-6 concentrations in the serum of patients with AIDS-associated Kaposi's sarcoma during treatment with interferon-alpha.
Sulphasalazine-induced reversible hypersensitivity pneumonitis and fatal fibrosing alveolitis: report of two cases.
Nonlymphoblastic lymphoma in children--histology and stage-related response to therapy: a Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Value of follow-up procedures in patients with large-cell lymphoma who achieve a complete remission.
Mitoxantrone, etoposide, and intermediate-dose cytarabine: an effective and tolerable regimen for the treatment of refractory acute myeloid leukemia.
Regimen-related toxicity of a busulfan-cyclophosphamide conditioning regimen in 70 patients undergoing allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Mycosis fungoides and the Sezary syndrome: a review of pathogenesis, diagnosis, and therapy.
Use of surveillance for invasive pneumococcal disease to estimate the size of the immunosuppressed HIV-infected population.
Low-dose chemotherapy with central nervous system prophylaxis and zidovudine maintenance in AIDS-related lymphoma. A prospective multi-institutional trial.
Long-term survival of patients with AIDS, Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, and respiratory failure.
Tuberculous pericarditis.
Relative prevalence and risk factors of HTLV-I and HTLV-II infection in US blood donors.
Evaluation of screened blood donations for human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection by culture and DNA amplification of pooled cells.
Genetic analysis of autoimmune type 1 diabetes mellitus in mice
Peripheral neuropathy in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Guillain-Barre syndrome associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection in Zimbabwe.
Neuro-ophthalmologic signs of AIDS: 50 patients.
Epidemiologic trends in multiple sclerosis in More and Romsdal, Norway: a prevalence/incidence study in a stable population.
Two-tiered DNA-based diagnosis of transthyretin amyloidosis reveals two novel point mutations.
Monosodium glutamate-related orofacial granulomatosis. Review and case report.
The pharmacologic treatment of HIV infection and AIDS in adults.
Neurologic disorders and dermatologic manifestations in HIV-infected children.
Abdominal pain in HIV infection.
Screening potential blood donors at risk for human immunodeficiency virus.
Antepartum testing in the hypertensive patient: when to begin.
Preeclampsia as the great impostor.
Formaldehyde: an analysis of its respiratory, cutaneous, and immunologic effects.
Studies of delayed hypersensitivity responses in children in an industrialized region of Italy.
Comparison of clinical and experimental data from an animal model of pulmonary immunologic sensitivity.
Clinical and immunologic approach to patients with alleged environmental injury.
Approaches to immunotoxicologic studies with emphasis on chemical-induced immunomodulation.
Time course of change in bronchial reactivity with an inhaled corticosteroid in asthma.
Effect of inhaled furosemide and bumetanide on adenosine 5'-monophosphate- and sodium metabisulfite-induced bronchoconstriction in asthmatic subjects.
Lymphocytic pneumonitis following bone marrow transplantation in severe combined immunodeficiency.
Control of airway caliber by autonomic nerves in asthma and in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Sensory neuropeptide involvement in animal models of airway irritation and of allergen-evoked asthma.
Characteristics of bronchial hyperresponsiveness in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in asthma.
Interaction between parenchyma and airways in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in asthma.
Is it useful to distinguish between asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in respiratory epidemiology.
Hyperresponsiveness as a determinant of the outcome in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Foscarnet therapy in five patients with AIDS and acyclovir-resistant varicella-zoster virus infection.
Evaluation of Social Security disability in claimants with rheumatic disease.
Acute allergic interstitial pneumonitis induced by hydrochlorothiazide [published erratum appears in Can Med Assoc J 1991 Sep 1;145(5):391]
Clinicopathologic study of large cell anaplastic lymphoma (Ki-1-positive large cell lymphoma) among the Japanese.
Ifosfamide extrapyramidal neurotoxicity.
Neurotoxicity of intraventricularly administered alpha-interferon for leptomeningeal disease.
Antifungal treatment by amphotericin B and 5-fluorocytosine delays the recovery of normal hematopoietic cells after intensive cytostatic therapy for acute myeloid leukemia.
Special considerations in the management of a patient with multiple sclerosis and a burn injury.
Pyoderma gangrenosum associated with systemic lupus erythematosus: response to pulse steroid therapy.
Diagnosis of cutaneous cytomegalovirus infection: a review and report of a case.
Model for studying virus attachment. II. Binding of biotinylated human T cell leukemia virus type I to human blood mononuclear cells potential targets for human T cell leukemia virus type I infection.
Elevated levels of endogenous IL-6 in systemic lupus erythematosus. A putative role in pathogenesis.
Retinoic acid enhances IL-1 beta expression in myeloid leukemia cells and in human monocytes.
Trichophyton tonsurans allergen. I. Characterization of a protein that causes immediate but not delayed hypersensitivity.
Risk factors for rapid progression from hairy leukoplakia to AIDS: a nested case-control study.
The usefulness of diagnostic bone marrow examination in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Analyzing laboratory marker changes in AIDS clinical trials.
Antibodies against defined carbohydrate structures of Candida albicans protect H9 cells against infection with human immunodeficiency virus-1 in vitro.
Population-based estimates of zidovudine and aerosol pentamidine use in San Francisco: 1987-1989.
Comparison of three HIV antigen detection kits in sequential sera from a cohort of homosexual men.
Heterogeneity of immune complex-derived anti-DNA antibodies associated with lupus nephritis.
Molecular basis of opsonic defect in immunodeficient children.
Anaphylactic reactions during general anesthesia among pediatric patients--United States, January 1990-January 1991.
Plasmodium Falciparum malaria and perinatally acquired human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection in Kinshasa, Zaire. A prospective, longitudinal cohort study of 587 children.
Intravenous immune globulin for the prevention of bacterial infections in children with symptomatic human immunodeficiency virus infection. The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Intravenous Immunoglobulin Study Group [see comment]
Hyperendemic Streptococcus pyogenes infection despite prophylaxis with penicillin G benzathine
Immunopathology of scleritis.
Beware of malignant lymphoma masquerading as facial inflammatory processes.
Isolation of a yeast artificial chromosome spanning the 8;21 translocation breakpoint t(8;21)(q22;q22.3) in acute myelogenous leukemia.
Impact of section doubling on lesion contrast.
Anterior mediastinal masses: utility of transthoracic needle biopsy.
Abnormal corpus callosum: a sensitive and specific indicator of multiple sclerosis
Cryptosporidiosis of the biliary tract in AIDS.
Oral candidiasis as a marker of acute retroviral illness.
Edematous pancreatitis associated with intravenous pentamidine.
X-linked lymphoreticular disease in the scurfy (sf) mutant mouse.
Cytokeratin expression and vimentin content in large cell anaplastic lymphomas and other non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
Growth fraction estimation of malignant lymphomas in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue using anti-PCNA/Cyclin 19A2. Correlation with Ki-67 labeling.
Growth hormone treatment of growth failure secondary to total body irradiation and bone marrow transplantation.
Anticarbamazepine antibody induced by carbamazepine in a patient with severe serum sickness.
Pulse oximetry in acute asthma.
Cold agglutinins in haemophiliac boys infected with HIV.
Arthritis in patients infected with human T lymphotropic virus type I. Clinical and immunopathologic features.
Sera from patients with autoimmune disease recognize conformational determinants on the 60-kd Ro/SS-A protein.
The value of immunotherapy with venom in children with allergy to insect stings
Unusually severe traumatic uveitis associated with occult ankylosing spondylitis.
Subretinal neovascularization in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Immune dysfunction in children after corrective surgery for congenital heart disease.
Intensive care unit patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia: suggested predictors of hospital outcome.
Uptake and metabolism of iodine is crucial for the development of thyroiditis in obese strain chickens.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) transcripts identified in HIV-related psoriasis and Kaposi's sarcoma lesions.
Molecular basis of an autoantibody-associated restriction fragment length polymorphism that confers susceptibility to autoimmune diseases.
Impairment of natural killer functions by interleukin 6 increases lymphoblastoid cell tumorigenicity in athymic mice.
Binding domains of stimulatory and inhibitory thyrotropin (TSH) receptor autoantibodies determined with chimeric TSH-lutropin/chorionic gonadotropin receptors.
Protooncogene (C-Myc) expression in the infiltrating cells of lesional skin from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Detection of human immunodeficiency virus-DNA and RNA in the skin of HIV-infected patients using the polymerase chain reaction.
Spontaneous in vitro secretion of antibody to cytomegalovirus (CMV) by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells: a new approach to studying the CMV-immune system interaction.
Exposure to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type I indicated by HIV-specific T helper cell responses before detection of infection by polymerase chain reaction and serum antibodies [corrected] [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Oct;164(4):832]
Human T cell lymphotropic virus types I and II in intravenous drug users in San Francisco: risk factors associated with seropositivity.
Persistent diarrhea and fecal shedding of retroviral nucleic acids in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Human immunodeficiency virus and malaria in a representative sample of childbearing women in Kigali, Rwanda.
Epidemiology of nontyphoidal Salmonella bacteremia during the human immunodeficiency virus epidemic.
Destructive lesions in demyelinating disease.
Subclinical peripheral nerve involvement in AIDS: an electrophysiological and pathological study.
Association of Chlamydia pneumoniae (strain TWAR) infection with wheezing, asthmatic bronchitis, and adult-onset asthma
CD4 lymphocyte concentrations in patients with newly identified HIV infection attending STD clinics. Potential impact on publicly funded health care resources.
Comparison of ribavirin and placebo in CDC group III human immunodeficiency virus infection. Spanish Ribavirin Trial Group.
Neuropsychological functioning in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 seropositive children infected through neonatal blood transfusion.
Antiphospholipid antibodies in cerebral ischemia.
Treatment of tuberculosis.
Changes in circulating leukocytes and mitogen responses during very-low-energy all-protein reducing diets.
Foscarnet in the treatment of cytomegalovirus infection of the esophagus and colon in patients with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Fistulous degeneration of a giant esophageal ulcer in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Appendiceal Kaposi's sarcoma: a cause of right lower quadrant pain in the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Cytomegalovirus appendicitis in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Active idiopathic ulcerative colitis in a patient with ongoing HIV-related immunodepression.
Colitis due to Histoplasma capsulatum in the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Response to treatment with the leukocyte-derived immunomodulator IMREG-1 in immunocompromised patients with AIDS-related complex. A multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Autoimmunity after alpha-interferon therapy for malignant carcinoid tumors.
CD4 count and the risk for death in patients infected with HIV receiving antiretroviral therapy.
Pharyngeal ulceration in AIDS patients secondary to cytomegalovirus infection.
Shoulder limitation in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Development of a disability measurement tool for juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. The Juvenile Arthritis Functional Assessment Report for Children and their Parents.
Pregnancy in patients with a history of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
A pair of monozygotic twins who are concordant for myasthenia gravis but became discordant for systemic lupus erythematosus post-thymectomy.
Regression of reactive systemic amyloidosis due to ankylosing spondylitis following the administration of colchicine.
Basal ganglia mass lesions in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Antigen detection, virus culture, polymerase chain reaction, and in vitro antibody production in the diagnosis of vertically transmitted HIV-1 infection
Differences in clinical course in zidovudine-treated asymptomatic HIV-infected men associated with T-cell function at intake.
A systematic consideration of the neoplastic spectrum of AIDS: registry linkage in Illinois.
Attitudes of health-care workers towards AIDS at three Dutch hospitals.
HIV-2 infection among prostitutes working in The Gambia: association with serological evidence of genital ulcer diseases and with generalized lymphadenopathy.
HIV-2 infection in an American.
Detection of HIV-1 in Entamoeba histolytica without evidence of transmission to human cells.
Immunocytochemical determination of antigen and epitope specificity of HIV-1-specific B cells in lymph-node biopsies from HIV-1-infected individuals.
Neutralizing and complement-dependent enhancing antibodies in different stages of HIV infection.
2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase, neopterin and beta 2-microglobulin in asymptomatic HIV-infected individuals.
Perinatal transmission of HIV-1: lack of impact of maternal HIV infection on characteristics of livebirths and on neonatal mortality in Kigali, Rwanda.
HIV-2 infection in hospitalized patients in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau.
A phase II study of 4'-epirubicin in the treatment of poor-risk Kaposi's sarcoma and AIDS.
Sulphadiazine desensitization in patients with AIDS and cerebral toxoplasmosis.
Knowledge of AIDS among secondary school pupils in Bagamoyo and Dar-Es-Salaam, Tanzania.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis in AIDS: uncommon but important.
The reliability of self-reported sexual behaviour.
The natural history of HIV-1 infection: staging classifications of disease.
CD4% is the best predictor of development of AIDS in a cohort of HIV-infected homosexual men.
Low HIV-1 proviral DNA burden detected by negative polymerase chain reaction in seropositive individuals correlates with slower disease progression.
Progression to AIDS among Italian HIV-seropositive haemophiliacs. Italian Group.
Mortality trends in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire, 1983-1988.
Specific syphilis serological tests may become negative in HIV infection.
High antibody titres in mice with polymethylmethacrylate nanoparticles as adjuvant for HIV vaccines.
Risk of transfusion-associated HIV transmission in Kinshasa, Zaire.
Bullous pemphigoid autoantibodies, HIV-1 infection and pruritic papular eruption.
Unrecognised HIV related deaths
Open access clinic providing HIV-I antibody results on day of testing: the first twelve months.
Kinetics of D-xylose absorption in patients with human immunodeficiency virus enteropathy.
Acute asthma. Admission chest radiography in hospitalized adult patients.
Collagenase and collagenase inhibitors in bronchoalveolar lavage fluids.
Inhaled verapamil-induced bronchoconstriction in mild asthma.
Heimlich valve treatment of Pneumocystis carinii-associated pneumothorax.
Practice patterns in the treatment of acutely ill hospitalized asthmatic patients at three teaching hospitals. Variability in resource utilization.
Peak expiratory flow rates in possible occupational asthma.
A population-based study of bronchial asthma in adult twin pairs.
Total orthotopic allogeneic small bowel transplantation in rats: effect of allograft irradiation combined with cyclosporine-A therapy.
Azathioprine induced liver disease: nodular regenerative hyperplasia of the liver and perivenous fibrosis in a patient treated for multiple sclerosis.
Trace elements and plasmapheresis.
Effect of PUVA on immunologic and virologic findings in HIV-infected patients.
Successful treatment of adult Henoch-Schonlein purpura with factor XIII concentrate.
Cytomegalovirus preferentially infects a monocyte derived macrophage/microglial cell in human brain cultures: neuropathology differs between strains.
Guidelines for the care of children and adolescents with HIV infection. Immunologic considerations in pediatric HIV infection.
Autoimmune aetiology for acquired neuromyotonia (Isaacs' syndrome).
Circulating ICAM-1 isoforms: diagnostic prospects for inflammatory and immune disorders.
HIV-infection prevention messages for injecting drug users: sources of information and use of mass media--Baltimore, 1989.
Recommendations for preventing transmission of human immunodeficiency virus and hepatitis B virus to patients during exposure-prone invasive procedures.
Comparison of a beta 2-agonist, terbutaline, with an inhaled corticosteroid, budesonide, in newly detected asthma
AIDS against the rest of the world [news]
Nonhealing extraction site due to Actinomyces naeslundii in patient with AIDS.
Recurrent aphthous ulcers in association with HIV infection. Description of ulcer types and analysis of T-lymphocyte subsets.
Salivary secretion rate, yeast cells, and oral candidiasis in patients with acute leukemia.
Hepatitis B and human immunodeficiency virus infection in street youths in Toronto, Canada.
Serum immunoglobulin G subclasses in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Fatal lymphoreticular disease in the scurfy (sf) mouse requires T cells that mature in a sf thymic environment: potential model for thymic education.
Potent cytodifferentiating agents related to hexamethylenebisacetamide.
CD4 peptide-protein conjugates, but not recombinant human CD4, bind to recombinant gp120 from the human immunodeficiency virus in the presence of serum from AIDS patients.
Identification of type-specific linear epitopes in the glycoproteins gp46 and gp21 of human T-cell leukemia viruses type I and type II using synthetic peptides.
DNA methylation profiles in the human genes for tumor necrosis factors alpha and beta in subpopulations of leukocytes and in leukemias.
Induction of apoptosis during normal and neoplastic B-cell development in the bursa of Fabricius.
Population dynamics of natural antibodies in normal and autoimmune individuals.
Reconstruction and future trends of the AIDS epidemic in the United States.
Can the nephrologist prevent dialysis-related amyloidosis?
Enalapril can treat the proteinuria of membranous glomerulonephritis without detriment to systemic or renal hemodynamics.
Corneal microsporidiosis in a patient with AIDS.
Acute appendicitis in patients with AIDS/HIV infection.
An analysis of emergency physicians' cumulative career risk of HIV infection.
Systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as an intracranial bleed.
Alveolar macrophages from patients with AIDS and AIDS-related complex constitutively synthesize and release tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Acute exacerbation of bronchial asthma in children associated with afternoon weather changes.
Nonspecific bronchial reactivity in asthmatic children depends on severity but not on age.
Measurement of breathlessness during exercise in asthmatics. Predictor variables, reliability, and responsiveness.
Effect of cold air on the bronchial response to inhaled histamine in patients with asthma.
Immediate and late inflammatory responses to ragweed antigen challenge of the peripheral airways in allergic asthmatics. Cellular, mediator, and permeability changes.
Morbidity and mortality of patients with AIDS and first-episode Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia unaffected by concomitant pulmonary cytomegalovirus infection.
Cholinergic mechanisms involved with histamine hyperreactivity in immune rabbit airways challenged with ragweed antigen.
Antigen-induced mediator release in primates.
Elevated bronchoalveolar lavage fluid histamine levels in allergic asthmatics are associated with increased airway obstruction.
Ventilation-perfusion mismatch after methacholine challenge in patients with mild bronchial asthma.
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma associated with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Human immunodeficiency virus infection and the skin. A crucial interface.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection among Peace Corps volunteers in Zaire. No evidence for unusual modes of transmission.
The evaluation of patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related disorders and brain mass lesions.
Endocrine complications of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Placenta within the medicolegal imperative.
In vivo prevalence of azidothymidine (AZT) resistance mutations in an AIDS patient before and after AZT therapy.
Vaccine protection against HIV-2 infection in cynomolgus monkeys.
Comparison of linear antigenic sites in the envelope proteins of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 2 and type 1.
Characterization of an HIV-1 isolate displaying an apparent absence of virion-associated reverse transcriptase activity.
p17 and p17-containing gag precursors of input human immunodeficiency virus are transported into the nuclei of infected cells.
Protracted Treponema pallidum-induced cutaneous chancres in rabbits infected with human T-cell leukemia virus type I.
Frequent and early in utero HIV-1 infection.
Detection of proviral sequences in saliva of patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Expression of a cell adhesion protein (VLA beta) in normal and diseased skin.
Recognition of motion-defined shapes in patients with multiple sclerosis and optic neuritis.
The longstanding MS lesion. A quantitative MRI and electron microscopic study.
Sympathetic skin response in patients with multiple sclerosis compared with patients with spinal cord transection and normal controls.
Cytostatic extravasation. A serious complication of long-term venous access.
Extramedullary blast crisis in chronic myelogenous leukemia. Demonstration of T-cell lineage and Philadelphia chromosome in a paraspinal tumor.
The parietal cell autoantibodies recognized in neonatal thymectomy-induced murine gastritis are the alpha and beta subunits of the gastric proton pump.
T-lymphocyte dysfunctions occurring together with apical gut epithelial cell autoantibodies.
Crohn's disease associated with autoimmune neutropenia.
Crohn's disease in a patient with multiple sclerosis.
Clinical features of 31 patients with Ki-1 anaplastic large-cell lymphoma
Targeting, dosimetry, and radioimmunotherapy of B-cell lymphomas with iodine-131-labeled LL2 monoclonal antibody
Phase II trial of pentostatin in refractory lymphomas and cutaneous T-cell disease.
High-dose cytarabine for intensification of early therapy of childhood acute myeloid leukemia: a Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia: a newly recognized multisystem disease.
The time course of acute psychiatric episodes in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Serum immunoglobulin levels in systemic lupus erythematosus: the effects of age, sex, race and disease duration.
Selective removal of anti-DNA and anticardiolipin antibodies by adsorbent plasmapheresis using dextran sulfate columns in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Natural anticoagulants in systemic lupus erythematosus. Deficiency of protein S bound to C4bp associates with recent history of venous thromboses, antiphospholipid antibodies, and the antiphospholipid syndrome.
Alterations of the nailfold capillary morphology associated with Raynaud phenomenon in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Systemic lupus erythematosus and the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.
Deforming arthropathy complicating primary biliary cirrhosis.
Effect of dialysis membrane and patient's age on signs of dialysis-related amyloidosis. The Working Party on Dialysis Amyloidosis.
Successful treatment of lupus nephritis in MRL-lpr/lpr mice by inhibiting ornithine decarboxylase.
Beta 2-microglobulin deposition in bone in chronic renal failure.
Effect of low concentrations of ozone on inhaled allergen responses in asthmatic subjects
HIV in pregnant women and their offspring: evidence for late transmission.
Secondary systemic amyloidosis: response and survival in 64 patients.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus sequences in primary brain lymphoma without immunodeficiency.
Evidence for non-V3-specific neutralizing antibodies that interfere with gp120/CD4 binding in human immunodeficiency virus 1-infected humans.
p53 in chronic myelogenous leukemia in acute phase.
Coordinate regulation of HOX genes in human hematopoietic cells.
Giant, human immunodeficiency virus-related ulcers in the esophagus.
Pulmonary Kaposi sarcoma in patients with AIDS: scintigraphic diagnosis with sequential thallium and gallium scanning.
Focal pulmonary lesions in patients with AIDS: percutaneous transthoracic needle biopsy.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia: effect of corticosteroid treatment on radiographic appearance in a patient with AIDS.
Multiple sclerosis: histopathologic and MR and/or CT correlation in 37 cases at biopsy and three cases at autopsy.
Safety of aztreonam in patients with cystic fibrosis and allergy to beta-lactam antibiotics.
Evaluation of the immunologic cross-reactivity of aztreonam in patients with cystic fibrosis who are allergic to penicillin and/or cephalosporin antibiotics.
Retrospective clinical study of hypersensitivity reactions to aztreonam and six other beta-lactam antibiotics in cystic fibrosis patients receiving multiple treatment courses.
Invasive aspergillosis in AIDS.
Effects of allergy and age on responses to salbutamol and ipratropium bromide in moderate asthma and chronic bronchitis.
Nocturnal airflow obstruction, histamine, and the autonomic central nervous system in children with allergic asthma.
Occupational asthma due to styrene.
Molecular aspects of immune recognition of cytomegalovirus.
Clofazimine: a review of its use in leprosy and Mycobacterium avium complex infection.
The expression of CD22 (Leu 14) and CD11c (LeuM5) in chronic lymphoproliferative disorders using two-color flow cytometric analysis.
Auer rod-like inclusions in circulating lymphoma cells.
Neural network analysis of serial cardiac enzyme data. A clinical application of artificial machine intelligence.
Composite lymphoma. A clinicopathologic analysis of nine patients with Hodgkin's disease and B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Aberrant MT2 positivity distinguishes follicular lymphoma from reactive follicular hyperplasia in B5- and formalin-fixed paraffin sections.
The predictive value of bone marrow morphologic characteristics and immunostaining in primary (AL) amyloidosis.
High-dose itraconazole in the treatment of severe mycoses.
Detection of HIV-1 DNA and infectious virus in cerebrospinal fluid.
Correlation of spontaneous suppressor cell activity with progression of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Effects of interleukin-4 and interleukin-6 on the proliferation of CD34+ and CD34- blasts from acute myelogenous leukemia.
Effective natural interferon-alpha therapy in recombinant interferon-alpha-resistant patients with hairy cell leukemia.
Changes of DNA methylation and chromatin structure in the human myeloperoxidase gene during myeloid differentiation.
Antiproliferative and differentiative effects of recombinant interleukin-4 on a granulocyte colony-stimulating factor-dependent myeloblastic leukemic cell line.
Cis- and trans-repression of class I major histocompatibility gene expression in Abelson virus-transformed murine leukemia.
Use of a guideline based questionnaire to audit hospital care of acute asthma.
Results of treatment with high intensity, brief duration chemotherapy in poor prognosis non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Ki-1-positive large cell lymphomas, a heterogenous group of neoplasms. Morphologic, immunophenotypic, genotypic, and clinical features of 24 cases.
Nasal hyper-responsiveness to histamine, methacholine and phentolamine in patients with perennial non-allergic rhinitis and in patients with infectious rhinitis.
The impact of pediatric HIV infection on emergency services.
Fifth disease and other parvovirus B19 infections.
Eosinophil infiltration: effects of H1 antihistamines.
A current perspective on the role of eosinophils in dermatologic diseases.
Identification of soybean dust as an epidemic asthma agent in urban areas by molecular marker and RAST analysis of aerosols.
The distribution of bronchial responsiveness to histamine and exercise in 527 children and adolescents.
House dust mite sensitization in children and residential characteristics in a temperate region.
Retrospective analysis of the incidence of pulmonary disease in hypogammaglobulinemia.
Relationship of cyclosporine A-mediated inhibition of clonal deletion and development of syngeneic graft-versus-host disease.
In vitro unresponsiveness to autologous sequences of the immunopathogenic autoantigen, S-antigen.
IgG3 production in MRL/lpr mice is responsible for development of lupus nephritis.
Production and characterization of tumor infiltrating lymphocyte clones derived from B16-F10 murine melanoma.
Kikuchi's necrotising lymphadenitis.
Human immunodeficiency virus-related lymphomas: a possible association between tumor proliferation, lack of ploidy anomalies, and immune deficiency
Similar outcome of treatment of B-cell and T-cell diffuse large-cell lymphomas: the Stanford experience.
Double intensive consolidation chemotherapy in adult acute myeloid leukemia.
The recognition and control of occupational disease.
Human T-cell lymphotropic virus type I sequences detected by nested polymerase chain reactions are not associated with multiple sclerosis
Effect of zidovudine and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia prophylaxis on progression of HIV-1 infection to AIDS. The Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study.
Antibodies to hepatitis C virus in autoimmune liver disease: evidence for geographical heterogeneity.
Crack cocaine use among persons with tuberculosis--Contra Costa County, California, 1987-1990.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome--Dade County, Florida, 1981-1990.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection codes and new codes for Kaposi's sarcoma [published erratum appears in MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1991 Aug 16;40(32):566]
Association between tumor necrosis factor-alpha and disease progression in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Medical evaluation of internationally adopted children.
Wild-type p53 induces apoptosis of myeloid leukaemic cells that is inhibited by interleukin-6.
Musculoskeletal infections in immunocompromised hosts.
Toxicities of antimicrobial agents used to treat osteomyelitis.
Passive immunization to prevent mother-infant transmission of human immunodeficiency virus: current issues and future directions.
Diagnosis of cerebral amyloid angiopathy by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay of cystatin C in cerebrospinal fluid.
Evaluation of the red cell storage lesion after irradiation in filtered packed red cell units.
Orchitis and human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infected cells in reproductive tissues from men with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Tumor necrosis factor receptors in lymphoid tissues and lymphomas. Source and site of action of tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Manic syndrome in AIDS.
Aminophylline therapy for acute bronchospastic disease in the emergency room
Increased risk for anaphylactoid reaction from contrast media in patients on beta-adrenergic blockers or with asthma.
Biologic response modifiers in primary immunodeficiency disorders.
Prospective randomized evaluation of ciprofloxacin versus piperacillin plus amikacin for empiric antibiotic therapy of febrile granulocytopenic cancer patients with lymphomas and solid tumors. The European Organization for Research on Treatment of Cancer International Antimicrobial Therapy Cooperative Group.
Biological comparison of wild-type and zidovudine-resistant isolates of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 from the same subjects: susceptibility and resistance to other drugs.
Surgical evaluation of Henoch-Schonlein purpura. Experience with 110 children.
A growing spectrum of surgical disease in patients with human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Experience with 120 major cases.
Ultrastructural pathology of the 'barrier sites' in experimental autoimmune uveitis and experimental autoimmune pinealitis.
Mitoxantrone and high-dose etoposide for patients with relapsed or refractory acute leukemia.
Lymphomatous presentation of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A subgroup at high risk of early treatment failure.
A clinicopathologic study of lymphoid neoplasias associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection in Italy.
Hypersensitivity reactions during hemodialysis related to the use of acetate dialysate. A case report.
Shoulder ultrasound in dialysis related amyloidosis.
Genetic factors in autoimmune thyroid disease analyzed by restriction fragment length polymorphisms of candidate genes.
Histological diagnosis of intestinal microsporidiosis in patients with AIDS.
Vessel associated adhesion molecules in normal skin and acute graft-versus-host disease.
Use of leucocyte alkaline phosphatase (LAP) score in differentiating malignant from benign paraproteinaemias.
Modified Western blot assay for confirmation and differentiation of human T cell lymphotropic virus types I and II.
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay of transthyretin devised for semimicro plasma diagnosis of familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy.
Laboratory investigation of deaths due to anaphylaxis.
Sudden death and paroxysmal autonomic dysfunction in stiff-man syndrome.
In vitro maturation of mononuclear phagocytes and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection.
Transepithelial transport of HIV-1 by intestinal M cells: a mechanism for transmission of AIDS.
HIV-1 proviral copy number in blood mononuclear cells from AIDS patients on zidovudine therapy.
Predictive value of CD4 lymphocyte numbers for the development of opportunistic infections and malignancies in HIV-infected persons.
CSF changes in a longitudinal study of 124 neurologically normal HIV-1-infected U.S. Air Force personnel.
Norepinephrine response in early HIV infection.
Results of a one year longitudinal study of HIV antibody test notification from the San Francisco General Hospital cohort.
Transfusion-associated AIDS cases in Europe: estimation of the incubation period distribution and prediction of future cases.
Influence of host genotype on progression to AIDS among HIV-infected men.
A rare complement component C4 restriction fragment length polymorphism in two families with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Prolactin and gonadal hormones during pregnancy in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Changes in levels of antibodies against the 70 kDa and a polypeptides of the U1RNP complex in relation to exacerbations of systemic lupus erythematosus.
No conclusive evidence of an epidemiological relation between Klebsiella and ankylosing spondylitis.
Antinuclear antibody profile in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Seronegative symmetric polyarthritis in Sezary syndrome.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related Kaposi's sarcoma of the male genitalia: management with radiation therapy.
A controlled trial comparing foscarnet with vidarabine for acyclovir-resistant mucocutaneous herpes simplex in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. The AIDS Clinical Trials Group.
Psychologic and physiologic aspects of acute dyspnea in asthmatics.
Applying the theory of reasoned action to AIDS risk behavior: condom use among black women.
Deleted HTLV-I provirus in blood and cutaneous lesions of patients with mycosis fungoides.
Identification of profilin as a novel pollen allergen; IgE autoreactivity in sensitized individuals.
Prevalence of asthma among 12 year old children in New Zealand and South Wales: a comparative survey.
Use of transcutaneous oxygen tension, arterial oxygen saturation, and respiratory resistance to assess the response to inhaled methacholine in asthmatic children and normal adults.
Cardiac manifestations of acquired immune deficiency syndrome: a 1991 update.
Resting energy expenditure and substrate oxidation in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected asymptomatic men: HIV affects host metabolism in the early asymptomatic stage.
Predicting risk of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children.
Effect of maternal immunotherapy on immediate skin test reactivity, specific rye I IgG and IgE antibody, and total IgE of the children.
Effectiveness of an acaricide in management of house dust mite allergy.
Current concepts in ocular allergy.
Analysis of house dust mite-specific IgE, IgG4, and IgG antibodies during immunotherapy in asthmatic children.
Comparison of three pretreatment protocols to prevent anaphylactoid reactions to radiocontrast media.
Growth and the nutritional status of nonsteroid-dependent asthmatic children.
Persistent generation of peptido leukotrienes in patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Combined APACHE II score and serum lactate dehydrogenase as predictors of in-hospital mortality caused by first episode Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Repeatability of histamine bronchial challenge and comparability with methacholine bronchial challenge in a population of Australian schoolchildren.
Dissimilarity in methacholine and adenosine 5'-monophosphate responsiveness 3 and 24 h after allergen challenge.
Late-phase asthmatic reaction to inhaled allergen is associated with early recruitment of eosinophils in the airways.
Structural changes in the airways of sensitized brown Norway rats after antigen challenge.
Immunocytochemical and virological characteristics of HIV-associated inflammatory myopathies: similarities with seronegative polymyositis.
The role of prolactin in autoimmune demyelination: suppression of experimental allergic encephalomyelitis by bromocriptine.
Serial gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging scans in patients with early, relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: implications for clinical trials and natural history.
Rehabilitation dimensions of AIDS: a review.
Hereditary coproporphyria: an imitator of multiple sclerosis.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Cerebrospinal fluid findings in patients before and during long-term oral zidovudine therapy.
Neurosyphilis in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-seropositive individuals. A prospective study.
Rate of CD4 decline and neuropsychological performance in HIV infection.
Treatment of collagen-induced arthritis in rats with a monoclonal antibody against the alpha/beta T cell antigen receptor.
Definition, incidence, and clinical description of flare in systemic lupus erythematosus. A prospective cohort study.
Long-term preservation of renal function in patients with lupus nephritis receiving treatment that includes cyclophosphamide versus those treated with prednisone only.
Increased incidence of lymphoproliferative disorder after immunosuppression with the monoclonal antibody OKT3 in cardiac-transplant recipients
Low-dose co-trimoxazole for prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in human immunodeficiency virus disease
Constitutive production of interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha from spontaneously proliferating T cells in patients with human T-cell lymphotropic virus type-I/II.
Autoantibody activity of immunoglobulins isolated from B-cell follicular lymphomas.
Selective expression of CD45 isoforms defines CALLA+ monoclonal B-lineage cells in peripheral blood from myeloma patients as late stage B cells.
Detection of lymphomatous bone marrow involvement with magnetic resonance imaging.
Evidence of c-myc gene abnormalities in mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma of young adult age.
Emergence of a B-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma in a patient with B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia: evidence for the single-cell origin of the two tumors.
Treatment for acute myelocytic leukemia with allogeneic bone marrow transplantation following preparation with BuCy2.
Cytomegalovirus infection causes delayed platelet recovery after bone marrow transplantation.
Conventional treatment of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome and membranous nephropathy in adults.
Mechanism of action of cyclosporin A and rationale for use in nephrotic syndrome.
Current status of cyclosporin A in the treatment of membranous, IgA and membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis.
Progression to type I diabetes in autoimmune endocrine patients with islet cell antibodies.
Interferon-induced chronic active hepatitis?
Graft vs. host disease after liver transplantation in humans: a report of four cases.
Genetic heterogeneity of the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
HIV and periodontal health. A study of military personnel with HIV.
Human high molecular weight melanoma-associated antigen mimicry by mouse antiidiotypic monoclonal antibody MK2-23. Characterization of the immunogenicity in syngeneic hosts.
Treatment of murine B cell lymphoma with bispecific monoclonal antibodies (anti-idiotype x anti-CD3).
Natural killer cell cytolytic granule-associated enzymes. I. Purification, characterization, and analysis of function of an enzyme with sulfatase activity.
Dose-dependent kinetics of orally administered 6-mercaptopurine in children with leukemia.
Intraoperative cardiovascular collapse secondary to latex allergy.
Histiocytic neoplasias: immunohistochemical evaluation of their frequencies among malignant lymphoma and related conditions in Japan.
Parotid manifestations of HIV infection.
Causes of death in patients with tuberous sclerosis.
Imaging of haemodialysis-associated amyloidosis with 123I-serum amyloid P component.
Increased risk of myelodysplasia and leukaemia after etoposide, cisplatin, and bleomycin for germ-cell tumours.
Assessment of broadcast media airings of AIDS-related public service announcements--United States, 1987-1990.
Postnatal transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 from mother to infant. A prospective cohort study in Kigali, Rwanda
Risk of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection among sexual and nonsexual household contacts of persons with congenital clotting disorders.
Poliomyelitis-like paralysis during recovery from acute bronchial asthma: possible etiology and risk factors.
Comparison of albuterol and metaproterenol syrup in the treatment of childhood asthma.
Low-dose zidovudine in children with an human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection acquired in the perinatal period
Colocalization of lymphocytes bearing gamma delta T-cell receptor and heat shock protein hsp65+ oligodendrocytes in multiple sclerosis.
Pathogenesis and sequelae of respiratory infections.
Immunoblastic lymphoma with abundant clear cytoplasm. A comparative study of B- and T-cell types.
Prevalence and characteristics of anti-single-stranded DNA antibodies in localized scleroderma. Comparison with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Isolation of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in cutaneous blister fluid.
Hypersensitivity myocarditis.
Multisystem failure and hepatic microvesicular fatty metamorphosis associated with tolmetin ingestion.
Large-cell lymphoma presenting with hepatic sinusoidal infiltration.
HMB-45-positive malignant lymphoma. A case report with literature review of aberrant HMB-45 reactivity.
Granulocytic sarcoma of the ovary. An unusual case presentation.
Evaluation of two rapid screening assays for the detection of human immunodeficiency virus-1 infection in emergency department patients.
Asthma in the emergency department: impact of a protocol on optimizing therapy.
Systemic anaphylaxis after ingestion of a psyllium-containing breakfast cereal.
Population dynamics of HIV within an individual after treatment with zidovudine.
Zidovudine therapy is associated with an increased capacity of phytohemagglutinin-stimulated cells to express interleukin-2 receptors.Pittsburgh AIDS Clinical Trial Unit.
Absence of a clinical correlation for complement-mediated, infection-enhancing antibodies in plasma or sera from HIV-1-infected individuals. Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study Group.
The prevalence of oral lesions in HIV-infected homosexual and bisexual men: three San Francisco epidemiological cohorts.
Cellular profiles in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of HIV-infected patients with pulmonary symptoms: relation to diagnosis and prognosis.
Expression of major histocompatibility complex and HIV antigens within the brains of AIDS patients.
Prevalence of HIV, hepatitis B and associated risk behaviours in clients of a needle-exchange in central London.
Evaluation by women consulting in a family planning centre of their risk of HIV infection.
Biological properties of anti-CD4 autoantibodies purified from HIV-infected patients.
Selection of primers of optimal sensitivity for the detection of HIV-1 from Africa and Europe by polymerase chain reaction.
Risk factors for HIV among prostitutes in Chiangmai, Thailand.
Sulfadiazine-induced crystalluria in AIDS patients with toxoplasma encephalitis.
Syphilis treatment response in HIV-infected individuals.
Aplastic anaemia in systemic lupus erythematosus: a cellular immune mechanism?
Treatment of bronchial asthma with terbutaline inhaled by conespacer combined with positive expiratory pressure mask.
Outcome of assessments for occupational asthma.
Artificial intelligence-assisted occupational lung disease diagnosis.
Measurement of maximal static respiratory pressures at the mouth with different air leaks.
Respiratory symptoms in Indian women using domestic cooking fuels.
Assessment of bronchodilator response to a beta-adrenergic delivered from an ultrasonic nebulizer.
Bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia in common variable immunodeficiency syndrome.
Unusual diffuse pulmonary lymphatic proliferation in a young boy.
Fibrotic stage of allergic bronchopulmonary candidiasis.
Myocardial infarction due to intracoronary thrombi without significant coronary artery disease in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Sinusoidal portal hypertension in hepatic amyloidosis.
Expression of the early growth response 1 and 2 zinc finger genes during induction of monocytic differentiation.
Differences in the expression of the cardiopulmonary alterations associated with anti-immunoglobulin E-induced or active anaphylaxis in mast cell-deficient and normal mice. Mast cells are not required for the cardiopulmonary changes associated with certain fatal anaphylactic responses.
Recapitulation of normal and abnormal BB rat immune system development in scid mouse/rat lymphohemopoietic chimeras.
Twelve cases of Ki-1 positive anaplastic large cell lymphoma of skin.
Evaluation of a structured treatment and teaching programme on asthma.
Adrenocortical insufficiency with normal serum cortisol levels and hyporeninaemia in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Immunoglobulin producing cells in bone marrow and blood of patients with multiple sclerosis and controls.
Macrocytosis in multiple sclerosis. A study in 82 de novo Arab patients.
A case of progressive encephalomyelitis with rigidity and positive antiglutamic acid dehydrogenase antibodies.
Platelet-activating factor receptor blocking reduces proteinuria and improves survival in lupus autoimmune mice.
Glucocorticoid receptors in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Primary ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic and enteropathic spondyloarthropathy: a controlled analysis.
Rheumatic manifestations in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Chronic myeloid leukemia in a woman with Still's disease treated with 198Au synoviorthesis.
Bowel perforation and interstitial cystitis in childhood systemic lupus erythematosus.
Large vessel vasculitis of the central nervous system in systemic lupus erythematosus: report and review of the literature.
Inner ear deafness in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Fractures of the dens complicating ankylosing spondylitis with atlantooccipital fusion.
Comparative hypersensitivity in intravenous lipid emulsions.
Selenium deficiency and cardiomyopathy in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Adverse reactions to co-trimoxazole in HIV infection.
Allergic fungal sinusitis: problems in diagnosis and treatment.
The lymphocyte transformation test with type II collagen as a diagnostic tool of autoimmune sensorineural hearing loss.
Breakdown of self-tolerance in anergic B lymphocytes.
The spread of HIV-1 in Africa: sexual contact patterns and the predicted demographic impact of AIDS.
Prognosis in AZT myopathy.
Cause of death in patients attending multiple sclerosis clinics.
Quantitative MRI changes in gadolinium-DTPA enhancement after high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone in multiple sclerosis.
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy for metabolic characterization of plaques in multiple sclerosis.
Treatment of retinal detachments in patients with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Splenic abscesses due to Mycobacterium tuberculosis in patients with AIDS.
Listeria monocytogenes infections in patients with AIDS: report of five cases and review.
Fatal varicella in an adult: case report and review of the gastrointestinal complications of chickenpox.
Survival and disinfectant inactivation of the human immunodeficiency virus: a critical review.
The growing problem of mycoses in patients infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Problems in the diagnosis of invasive fungal diseases.
Severe hypomagnesemia associated with pentamidine therapy.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection and diffuse polyneuropathy. Implications for rehabilitation medicine.
Diagnostic classification of antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated vasculitides.
Anti-DNA idiotypes deposited in renal glomeruli of patients with lupus nephritis.
Renal vascular lesions as a marker of poor prognosis in patients with lupus nephritis. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Nefrite Lupica (GISNEL).
Pyomyositis in patients with the human immunodeficiency virus: an unusual form of disseminated bacterial infection.
Fluconazole therapy for chronic disseminated candidiasis in patients with leukemia and prior amphotericin B therapy.
Varicella-zoster virus retinitis in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Antibody indications of secondary and superimposed retinal hypersensitivity in retinitis pigmentosa.
Effect of inhaled corticosteroid on bone density in asthmatic patients: a pilot study.
Lack of graft rejection in a renal transplant recipient with AIDS.
Late asthma caused by inhalation of Lepidoglyphus destructor.
Cumulative incidence of atopic disorders in high risk infants fed whey hydrolysate, soy, and conventional cow milk formulas.
Skin testing compared with in vitro testing for screening allergic patients.
Potentially fatal asthma: the problem of noncompliance.
Prevalence of upper and lower respiratory conditions in the US population by social and environmental factors: data from the second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1976 to 1980 (NHANES II).
Influence of time of administration on allergic skin prick tests response.
Retinal artery obstruction and atheromas associated with non-Hodgkin's large cell lymphoma (reticulum cell sarcoma).
Defective lymphokine-activated killer cell generation and activity in acute leukemia patients with active disease.
Immunolocalization of the Bcl-2 protein within hematopoietic neoplasms.
Identification of autoantibodies specific for the neutrophil adhesion glycoproteins CD11b/CD18 in patients with autoimmune neutropenia.
Correlation of occult clonogenic leukemia drug sensitivity with relapse after autologous bone marrow transplantation.
Placebo-controlled trial to evaluate zidovudine in treatment of human immunodeficiency virus infection in asymptomatic patients with hemophilia. NHF-ACTG 036 Study Group.
Phase I trial of recombinant human macrophage colony-stimulating factor in patients with invasive fungal infections.
Rescue from programmed cell death in leukemic and normal myeloid cells.
Protamine allergy reactions during cardiac catheterization and cardiac surgery: risk in patients taking protamine-insulin preparations.
Low-dose aspirin to improve perinatal outcome.
Preventing fetal damage from sexually transmitted diseases.
Quantification of allergic and irritant patch test reactions using laser-Doppler flowmetry and erythema index.
A probable role for vaccines containing thimerosal in thimerosal hypersensitivity.
Sensitivity to thimerosal and photosensitivity to piroxicam.
Systemic allergic contact dermatitis from intravesical instillation of the antitumor antibiotic mitomycin C.
Ultrasound B scanning with image analysis for assessment of allergic patch test reactions.
Frequency, spectrum and occupational relevance of type IV allergies to rubber chemicals.
Patch testing with amalgam at various concentrations.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Pityriasis rubra pilaris and HIV infection.
Percutaneous injury during dermatologic surgery.
Quantitative nailfold capillary microscopy in cutaneous and systemic lupus erythematosus and localized and systemic scleroderma.
Staphylococcal sepsis in HIV antibody seropositive psoriasis patients.
The Nairobi STD program. An international partnership.
Suppressive effects of monocytic cells and transforming growth factor-beta on natural killer cell differentiation in autoimmune viable motheaten mutant mice.
Intracellular interaction of EBV/C3d receptor (CR2) with p68, a calcium-binding protein present in normal but not in transformed B lymphocytes.
Lymphokine-activated killer cells are rejected in vivo by activated natural killer cells.
Comparison between strains of human T lymphotropic virus type I isolated from inhabitants of the Solomon Islands and Papua New Guinea.
Seroconversion rate, mortality, and clinical manifestations associated with the receipt of a human immunodeficiency virus-infected blood transfusion in Kinshasa, Zaire.
Fertility parameters in men infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Human immunodeficiency virus DNA is present in a high percentage of CD4+ lymphocytes of seropositive individuals.
Respiratory viruses induce production of histamine-releasing factor by mononuclear leukocytes: a possible role in the mechanism of virus-induced asthma.
Cerebral amyloid angiopathy presenting as multiple intracranial lesions on magnetic resonance imaging. Case report.
Single-photon emission computed tomography in human immunodeficiency virus encephalopathy: a preliminary report
Case-control study of canine malignant lymphoma: positive association with dog owner's use of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid herbicides
Effect of cell wall skeleton and monophosphoryl lipid A adjuvant on the immunogenicity of a murine B16 melanoma vaccine.
Induction of delayed hypersensitivity to human tumor cells with a human monoclonal anti-idiotypic antibody.
Reducing HIV sexual risk behaviors among runaway adolescents.
Nosocomial transmission of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis among HIV-infected persons--Florida and New York, 1988-1991.
Opportunistic non-Hodgkin's lymphomas among severely immunocompromised HIV-infected patients surviving for prolonged periods on antiretroviral therapy--United States.
Brain tumors occurring before 1 year of age: a retrospective reviews of 22 cases in an 11-year period (1977-1987).
The significance of experimental animal studies in otitis media.
Otitis media: the pathogenesis approach. Assessment and treatment of associated upper respiratory tract pathology.
Collagen vascular diseases of childhood.
Neonatal skin disorders.
Mucocutaneous disease in pediatric human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Molecular cloning and expression of a human heat shock factor, HSF1.
Resistance of primary isolates of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 to soluble CD4 is independent of CD4-rgp120 binding affinity.
Computed tomography in chronic interstitial lung disease.
Occupational lung disease.
Pulmonary manifestations of AIDs. CT and radiographic correlations.
The protective effect of a beta 2 agonist against excessive airway narrowing in response to bronchoconstrictor stimuli in asthma and chronic obstructive lung disease.
Immunobiology of bone marrow transplantation as treatment for hematologic malignancies.
The role of immunoglobulin in bone marrow transplantation.
Cervical paraspinal calcification in collagen vascular diseases.
High risk of human papillomavirus infection and cervical squamous intraepithelial lesions among women with symptomatic human immunodeficiency virus infection.
The causes of esophageal symptoms in human immunodeficiency virus infection. A prospective study of 110 patients.
Lovastatin-induced lupus erythematosus.
Association between disturbances in the immune system and hypertension.
The quest for an AIDS vaccine: the state of the art and current challenges.
Seroepidemiology of human T-cell lymphotropic virus type I/II in Benin (West Africa).
Shaking HIV-1 infected cells indicates novel behavior of MN strain.
Infection of human monocytes with HIV-1Ba-L. Effect on accessory cell function for T-cell proliferation in vitro.
In-vivo epidermal nuclear reactions: a selective process.
Lymphoproliferative disorders of the thyroid gland: radiological appearances.
Neurophysiology of the striated urethral sphincter in multiple sclerosis.
Amsacrine is safe and effective therapy for patients with myocardial dysfunction and acute leukemia.
B-cell lymphoproliferative disorders after bone marrow transplant. An analysis of ten cases with emphasis on Epstein-Barr virus detection by in situ hybridization.
Kaposi's sarcoma in a child after autologous bone marrow transplantation for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
The infrequent association of systemic lupus erythematosus and solid tumors.
Effect of dietary proteins and lipids in patients with membranous nephropathy and nephrotic syndrome.
Cytologic diagnosis of leukemia and lymphoma. Values and limitations.
AIDS: debate on infection control guidelines shifts to Congress.
Insulin resistance and hypoglycemia in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus: description of antiinsulin receptor antibodies that enhance insulin binding and inhibit insulin action.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus-DNA in tongue epithelium of human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
The significance of circulating cells carrying t(14;18) in long remission from follicular lymphoma
Primary CNS lymphoma treated with osmotic blood-brain barrier disruption: prolonged survival and preservation of cognitive function.
Involvement of vacuolar H(+)-adenosine triphosphatase activity in multidrug resistance in HL60 cells.
Reversible thyroid dysfunction during treatment with GM-CSF.
Exercise but not methacholine differentiates asthma from chronic lung disease in children.
Budesonide and terbutaline or terbutaline alone in children with mild asthma: effects on bronchial hyperresponsiveness and diurnal variation in peak flow.
Extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy in patients with spinal cord dysfunction.
AIDS awareness among rural Utah physicians.
The health status of minority populations in the United States.
Dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV staining of cytologic preparations to distinguish benign from malignant thyroid diseases.
Parathyroiditis associated with hyperparathyroidism and branchial cysts.
Leukemia and lymphoma immunophenotyping in cell smears with immunogold-silver staining.
Frozen sections of cellular lymphoid proliferations provide adequate DNA for routine gene rearrangement analysis.
Allergic fungal sinusitis. Report of three cases associated with dematiaceous fungi.
The impact of a clinic for adults with HIV infection on the microbiology laboratory.
Decreasing severity of chronic uveitis in children with pauciarticular arthritis.
Efficacy of ivermectin for control of microfilaremia recurring after treatment with diethylcarbamazine. II. Immunologic changes following treatment.
The HIV-1 seroprevalence rate of injured patients admitted through California emergency departments. California HIV-1 Emergency Department Seroprevalence Study Group.
Possible association between mutant frequency in peripheral lymphocytes and domestic radon concentrations
Acute hemiplegia associated with HIV infection.
Acute dyskinesias in young asthmatics treated with theophylline.
Experience with rehabilitation in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia at higher age or after relapse.
Phase I-II trial of pentoxifylline for the prevention of transplant-related toxicities following bone marrow transplantation.
Human herpesvirus-6 infection in bone marrow transplantation.
Growth of asthmatic children during treatment with budesonide: a double blind trial.
Historic aspects of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy.
Immune thrombocytopenic purpura and intravenous immunoglobulin.
Mechanisms of action of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy and potential use in autoimmune connective tissue diseases.
Use of intravenous immunoglobulin in acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Use of intravenous immunoglobulin in various medical conditions. A Japanese experience.
Perinatal human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Rational principles for immunoglobulin prophylaxis and therapy of neonatal infections.
Cutaneous lymphomas of phenotypically undetermined lineage: contribution of genotypic analysis.
Identification of a major peanut allergen, Ara h I, in patients with atopic dermatitis and positive peanut challenges.
The effect of inhalation of the leukotriene receptor antagonist, SK&F 104353, on leukotriene C4- and leukotriene E4-induced bronchoconstriction in subjects with asthma.
Bee venom anti-idiotypic antibody is associated with protection in beekeepers and bee sting-sensitive patients receiving immunotherapy against allergic reactions.
Methotrexate in the treatment of steroid-dependent asthma.
Penicillin resensitization among hospitalized patients.
Identification of the major activity derived from cultured human peripheral blood mononuclear cells, which enhances eosinophil viability, as granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF).
Allele frequencies of the third component of complement (C3) in MS patients.
Assessment of response to cancer therapy using fluorine-18-fluorodeoxyglucose and positron emission tomography.
Metabolic asymmetries in asymptomatic HIV-1 seropositive subjects: relationship to disease onset and MRI findings.
Asymptomatic constant isolated proteinuria in children.
Proinflammatory cytokines in acute asthma.
Randomized, double-blind trial of deflazacort versus prednisone in juvenile chronic (or rheumatoid) arthritis: a relatively bone-sparing effect of deflazacort.
Acute otitis media in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children.
Common triggers of asthma.
Acute life-threatening asthma.
New concepts in treatment of chronic persistent asthma. Using a stepwise protocol to control inflammation.
Rehabilitation of asthmatic patients. Motivating your patients to improve their life-style.
Detection of human T-lymphotropic virus-like particles in cultures of peripheral blood lymphocytes from patients with mycosis fungoides.
An ethical analysis of physical therapists' duty to treat persons who have AIDS: homosexual patients as a test case.
Cytomegalovirus esophagitis in AIDS: diagnosis by endoscopic biopsy.
Finnish type of familial amyloidosis: cosegregation of Asp187----Asn mutation of gelsolin with the disease in three large families
A multicenter study of Pneumocystis choroidopathy.
Detection of antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi in patients with uveitis.
Repair of retinal detachment caused by cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Cytomegalovirus retinopathy as the initial manifestation of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Anterior uveitis and hypopyon.
NIH conference. Systemic lupus erythematosus.
Evidence for molecular subtypes of HIV-associated lymphoma: division into peripheral monoclonal, polyclonal and central nervous system lymphoma.
Evidence from Zaire that breast-feeding by HIV-1-seropositive mothers is not a major route for perinatal HIV-1 transmission but does decrease morbidity.
HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases among female prostitutes in Kinshasa.
Sexual partners, penetrative sexual partners and HIV risk.
Endocrine function in 98 HIV-infected patients: a prospective study.
Development of language in 18-30-month-old HIV-1-infected but not ill children.
Ki-1+ anaplastic large-cell lymphoma of T-cell origin in an HIV-infected patient.
Pseudomonas septicaemia associated with HIV.
Successful management of intractable cryptosporidial diarrhea with intravenous octreotide, a somatostatin analogue.
Enzymic control of the expression of the X determinant (CD15) in human myeloid cells during maturation: the regulatory role of 6-sialytransferase.
Decreased CD45RA T cells in B-cell chronic lymphatic leukemia patients: correlation with disease stage.
The relationship between atopy and cystic fibrosis.
Doppler echocardiographic evaluation of diastolic dysfunction.
Postsepsis bradycardia in children with leukemia.
Animal model of gluten induced enteropathy in mice.
Fc receptor function and circulating immune complexes in gluten sensitive enteropathy--possible significance of serum IgA.
Endobronchial allergen challenge in asthma. Demonstration of cellular source of granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor by in situ hybridization.
Construction of peptides encompassing multideterminant clusters of human immunodeficiency virus envelope to induce in vitro T cell responses in mice and humans of multiple MHC types.
Diagnosis and treatment of oral candidosis.
Selective cytotoxicity of low-density lipoprotein to helper T cells of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma after photoperoxidation with 8-methoxypsoralen.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection in urban Rwanda. Demographic and behavioral correlates in a representative sample of childbearing women.
Female-to-male transmission of human immunodeficiency virus
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in Romania.
Risk factors for type-1 reactions in borderline leprosy patients.
Mycobacterium haemophilum infections--New York City metropolitan area, 1990-1991.
Intrathoracic complications following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation: CT findings.
Analysis of morbidity and mortality rates in right hepatectomy with the preoperative APACHE II score.
Pathogenic significance of serum components in the development of autoimmune polyarthritis in MRL/Mp mice bearing the lymphoproliferation gene.
Drug-induced fever due to diltiazem.
Access to information about AIDS
Mast cell tryptase and histamine concentrations in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from patients with interstitial lung disease.
Priority of peak circadian variation of bronchial responsiveness to the trough of circadian variation of bronchial caliber in asthmatic children.
Action of budesonide on asthmatic bronchial hyperresponsiveness. Effects on directly and indirectly acting bronchoconstrictors.
Atypical pulmonary diseases associated with AIDS.
Mycobacterium gordonae: a possible opportunistic respiratory tract pathogen in patients with advanced human immunodeficiency virus, type 1 infection.
Adjunctive therapy of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis with itraconazole.
Use of TAO without methylprednisolone in the treatment of severe asthma.
Chronic reactive airway disease following acute chlorine gas exposure in an asymptomatic atopic patient.
Pulmonary Kaposi's sarcoma presenting as fulminant respiratory failure.
Prolonged reversible quadriparesis in mechanically ventilated patients who received long-term infusions of vecuronium.
Thyroperoxidase, but not the thyrotropin receptor, contains sequential epitopes recognized by autoantibodies in recombinant peptides expressed in the pUEX vector.
Determination at the molecular level of a B-cell epitope on thyroid peroxidase likely to be associated with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus genomes in AIDS related lymphomas: sensitivity and specificity of in situ hybridisation compared with Southern blotting.
Reduced responsiveness of adenylate cyclase in alveolar macrophages from patients with asthma.
The usefulness of routine screening for salivary secretory component.
An examination of food hypersensitivity as a cause of increased bronchial responsiveness to inhaled methacholine.
Release of granule proteins by eosinophils from allergic and nonallergic patients with eosinophilia on immunoglobulin-dependent activation.
Levels of endothelin in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of patients with symptomatic asthma and reversible airflow obstruction.
Changes in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in children with asthma inhaling budesonide.
Variability in parameters of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Anaphylactic reactions to a psyllium-containing cereal.
HIV-positive women: reasons they are tested for HIV and their clinical characteristics on entry into the health care system
Self-reported sleep quality in HIV infection: correlation to the stage of infection and zidovudine therapy.
A methodology for building an AIDS research file using Medicaid claims and administrative data bases.
The epidemiology of AIDS in the New York and California Medicaid programs.
Medicaid eligibility patterns for persons with AIDS in California and New York, 1982-1987.
Lifetime Medicaid service utilization and expenditures for AIDS in New York and California.
The AIDS-defining diagnosis and subsequent complications: a survival-based severity index.
Sexual behaviors of intravenous drug users in treatment.
Acyclovir resistance/susceptibility in herpes simplex virus type 2 sequential isolates from an AIDS patient.
More rapid progression to AIDS in older HIV-infected people: the role of CD4+ T-cell counts.
Relationship of serum copper and zinc levels to HIV-1 seropositivity and progression to AIDS.
Alcohol consumption and unsafe sex: a comparison of heterosexuals and homosexual men.
The supply and demand dynamics of sexual behavior: implications for heterosexual HIV epidemics.
Tuberculosis outbreak among persons in a residential facility for HIV-infected persons--San Francisco.
Relation between airway responsiveness and serum IgE in children with asthma and in apparently normal children.
4-Aminopyridine in multiple sclerosis: prolonged administration.
The effect of high-dose steroids on MRI gadolinium enhancement in acute demyelinating lesions.
Herpes simplex virus in immunocompromised patients: growing evidence of drug resistance.
Large vessel occlusion with vasculitis in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Drug-resistant Nocardia asteroides infection in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Prevention of alloimmunization in patients with acute leukemia by use of white cell-reduced blood components--a randomized trial.
Adrenergic hypersensitivity after beta-blocker withdrawal in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
The role of gene rearrangements for antigen receptors in the diagnosis of lymphoma obtained by fine-needle aspiration. A study of 63 cases with concomitant immunophenotyping.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the spleen. Report of two cases with a review of the literature.
The platelet volume-number relationship in patients infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Estrogen and progesterone receptors in lymphangioleiomyomatosis, epithelioid hemangioendothelioma, and sclerosing hemangioma of the lung.
The low risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patients dispensed corticosteroids.
Elevated cerebrospinal fluid pressures in patients with cryptococcal meningitis and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Syndrome of severe skin disease, eosinophilia, and dermatopathic lymphadenopathy in patients with HTLV-II complicating human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Influence of posture and sustained loss of lung volume on pulmonary function in awake asthmatic subjects.
Survival of patients with acquired immune deficiency syndrome and disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection with and without antimycobacterial chemotherapy.
Activity of clarithromycin against Mycobacterium avium infection in patients with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. A controlled clinical trial.
MK-571, a potent antagonist of leukotriene D4-induced bronchoconstriction in the human.
A three-month comparison of twice daily inhaled formoterol versus four times daily inhaled albuterol in the management of stable asthma.
A single-dose comparison of inhaled albuterol and two formulations of salmeterol on airway reactivity in asthmatic subjects.
Lung function in school-age children who had mild lower respiratory illnesses in early childhood.
Relation of dose-response slope to respiratory symptoms in a population of Australian schoolchildren.
Respiratory health and PM10 pollution. A daily time series analysis.
Zidovudine myopathy: a distinctive disorder associated with mitochondrial dysfunction.
Suppression of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis by oral administration of myelin antigens: IV. Suppression of chronic relapsing disease in the Lewis rat and strain 13 guinea pig.
Fatal disseminated hemorrhagic toxoplasmic encephalitis as the initial manifestation of AIDS.
Cutaneous manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection. Part I.
Immunological and virological markers in individuals progressing from seroconversion to AIDS.
Trends in mortality among AIDS patients in Amsterdam, 1982-1988.
Cross-reactivity on western blots in HIV-1 and HIV-2 infections.
AIDS-associated Kaposi's sarcoma in female patients.
Use of polymerase chain reaction for the early detection of HIV infection in the infants of HIV-seropositive women.
Evaluation of saliva as a specimen for monitoring zidovudine therapy in HIV-infected patients.
An inhibition enzyme immunoassay using a human monoclonal antibody (K14) reactive with gp41 of HIV-1 for the serology of HIV-1 infections.
T cell regulation of autoimmune interstitial nephritis.
Development of systemic lupus erythematosus after interferon therapy for chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Common reactions to transfusions.
Total hip replacement for juvenile chronic arthritis.
Mycosis fungoides in childhood: an unusual presentation.
Hydroa vacciniforme with unusually severe scar formation: diagnosis by repetitive UVA phototesting.
PUVA-induced lymphomatoid papulosis in a patient with mycosis fungoides.
Omenn's syndrome and related combined immunodeficiency syndromes: diagnostic considerations in infants with persistent erythroderma and failure to thrive.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection in the US Air Force: seroconversions, clinical staging, and assessment of a T helper cell functional assay to predict change in CD4+ T cell counts.
Zidovudine improves response to pneumococcal vaccine among persons with AIDS and AIDS-related complex.
Suppression of cytomegalovirus retinitis in persons with AIDS with high-dose intravenous acyclovir.
Successful foscarnet therapy for cytomegalovirus retinitis in an AIDS patient undergoing hemodialysis: rationale for empiric dosing and plasma level monitoring.
Folic acid absorption in patients infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Paraproteinaemia in relatives of patients with primary acquired agammaglobulinaemia.
A prospective study of physical trauma and multiple sclerosis.
Primary meningeal B lymphoma presenting as a subacute ascending polyradiculoneuropathy.
Comparative histology of experimental allergic neuritis induced with minimum length neuritogenic peptides by adoptive transfer with sensitized cells or direct sensitization.
CD4+ lymphocyte subsets in the cerebrospinal fluid of multiple sclerosis and non-inflammatory neurological diseases.
Subacute AIDS-related lumbosacral radiculopathy: a bacterial infection?
Cryotherapy for cutaneous Kaposi's sarcoma (KS) associated with acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS): a phase II trial.
Peripheral nerve function in persons with asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic HIV disease: absence of zidovudine neurotoxicity.
Intensity of in-hospital care for persons with AIDS.
High-titer positive nontreponemal tests with negative specific treponemal serology in patients with HIV infection and/or intravenous substance use.
Canadian multicenter azidothymidine trial: AZT pharmacokinetics.
Relationship and prognostic value of endogenous interferon-alpha, beta 2-microglobulin, and neopterin serum levels in patients with Kaposi sarcoma and AIDS.
Populations at increased risk of HIV infection: current knowledge and limitations.
HIV prevention among injecting drug users: three years of experience from a syringe exchange program in Sweden.
Seroprevalence of HTLV-I/II and HIV-1 infection among male intravenous drug abusers in Chicago.
Factors that could influence the spread of AIDS in Ghana, West Africa: knowledge of AIDS, sexual behavior, prostitution, and traditional medical practices.
Occurrence of neoplasia in patients with rheumatoid arthritis enrolled in a DMARD Registry. Rheumatoid Arthritis Azathioprine Registry Steering Committee.
Rheumatoid factor, cryoglobulinemia, anti-DNA, and renal disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in serum and its relationship to T cell abnormality and clinical manifestations of the disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
HLA-DQA1*0101 haplotypes and disease outcome in early onset pauciarticular juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Sulfasalazine treatment in juvenile chronic arthritis: an open study.
Distal interphalangeal joint abnormalities in children with polyarticular juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Naproxen induced pseudoporphyria in juvenile chronic arthritis.
Fever in adult onset Still's disease. Response to methotrexate.
The intranasal ethmoidectomy: an experience with 1,077 procedures.
Publicly funded HIV counseling and testing--United States, 1990.
Perceptions of vulnerability 3 1/2 years after problems of feeding and crying behavior in early infancy.
Psychosocial influences on acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-risk behaviors among high school students.
Beliefs about AIDS, health, and illness in low-income white women.
Homozygosity for a newly identified missense mutation in a patient with very severe combined immunodeficiency due to adenosine deaminase deficiency (ADA-SCID).
Endocrine manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Case report: hypothyroidism due to pneumocystis carinii thyroiditis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Occupational asthma due to latex surgical gloves.
Safety and possible efficacy of fiberoptic bronchoscopy with lavage in the management of refractory asthma with mucous impaction.
Utilizing lung sounds analysis for the evaluation of acute asthma in small children.
Use of methotrexate in the treatment of steroid-dependent adolescent asthmatics.
Efficacy of ketotifen in corticosteroid-dependent idiopathic anaphylaxis.
Ocular motor abnormalities in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Presence of the terminal complement complex (C5b-9) precedes myelin degradation in immune-mediated demyelination of the rat peripheral nervous system.
Uhthoff's symptom in optic neuritis: relationship to magnetic resonance imaging and development of multiple sclerosis.
Angiotropic large-cell lymphoma in a patient with adrenal insufficiency.
Diagnostic criteria for multiple sclerosis research involving multiply affected families.
Multiple sclerosis associated with vitamin B12 deficiency.
Defective cytostatic activity of pulmonary alveolar macrophages in primary lung cancer.
Human immunodeficiency virus exanthem.
Atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) is a potent bronchodilator in asthma.
Gene deletions force nonsecretory alpha-chain disease plasma cells to produce membrane-form alpha-chain only.
Suppression of adjuvant arthritis in Lewis rats by oral administration of type II collagen.
Molecular analysis of a germ line-encoded idiotypic marker of pathogenic human lupus autoantibodies.
Immunologic responsiveness in American cutaneous leishmaniasis lesions.
Characteristics of IgG antiphospholipid antibodies in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and syphilis.
Frequency and significance of antibody to hepatitis C virus in severe corticosteroid-treated cryptogenic chronic active hepatitis
Human immunoglobulin therapy for preeclampsia associated with lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibody.
Asthma in primary care patients. Challenges and controversies.
AIDS-related knowledge, attitudes, and precautionary behaviors among emergency medical professionals.
Drug users' AIDS-related knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors before and after AIDS education sessions.
Sentinel surveillance of HIV infection among new inmates and implications for policies of corrections facilities.
Failure to detect evidence of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection by polymerase chain reaction assay in blood donors with isolated core antibodies (anti-p24 or -p17) to HIV-1.
Genotypic and immunophenotypic characterization of two human light chain-only B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
Association between antiphospholipid antibodies and cardiac abnormalities in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Delayed diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Drug prophylaxis for human immunodeficiency virus-infected pregnant women: ethical considerations.
Immunocytochemical detection of kappa and lambda light chain V region subgroups in human B-cell malignancies.
Detection of immunoglobulin light-chain mRNA in lymphoid tissues using a practical in situ hybridization method.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection among homeless men in a New York City shelter. Association with Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Restriction of HIV replication in infected T cells and monocytes by interferon-alpha.
Permissivity of primary cultures of human Kupffer cells for HIV-1.
Effect of sodium-transport inhibitors on bronchial reactivity in vivo.
Effects of interferon-gamma therapy on thyroid function, T-lymphocyte subpopulations and induction of autoantibodies.
In vitro tests for the diagnosis of aspirin-sensitive asthma.
Antihistamines in the treatment of clinical asthma.
Depletion of CD8+ cells exacerbates organ-specific autoimmune diseases induced by CD4+ T cells in semiallogeneic hosts with MHC class II disparity.
Anti-V region antibodies as "almost clonotypic" reagents for the study of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and leukemias.
Circulating human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) p24 antigen-positive lymphocytes: a flow cytometric measure of HIV infection.
Considerations in the selection of end points for AIDS clinical trials.
Effect of home total parenteral nutrition on body composition in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Test for recovery from hypothyroidism during thyroxine therapy in Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
How AIDS forces reappraisal of hepatitis B virus control in sub-Saharan Africa
Bacteremia due to Mycobacterium tuberculosis in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection. A report of 9 cases and a review of the literature.
Familial amyloid polyneuropathy: alanine-for-threonine substitution in the transthyretin (prealbumin) molecule.
Possible deletion of a developmentally regulated heavy-chain variable region gene in autoimmune diseases.
Sonography of abnormal lymph nodes in vitro: correlation of sonographic and histologic findings.
Low-grade primary B-cell lymphoma of the lung. An immunohistochemical, molecular, and cytogenetic study of a single case.
Longitudinal study of 94 symptomatic infants with perinatally acquired human immunodeficiency virus infection. Evidence for a bimodal expression of clinical and biological symptoms.
The time course of bronchoconstriction in asthmatics during and after isocapnic hyperventilation.
Persistent B19 parvovirus infection in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1): a treatable cause of anemia in AIDS.
Axonal neuropathy with monoclonal IgG kappa that binds to a neurofilament protein.
Detection of the interferon-gamma-induced protein 10 in psoriasiform dermatitis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Sternotomy infection: poor prediction by acute phase response and delayed hypersensitivity.
Characterization of common variable immunodeficiency: identification of a subset of patients with distinctive immunophenotypic and clinical features
Interleukin-1 and a 7-kDa T-cell inhibitory monokine reflect disease activity in infection with HIV-1.
Evaluation of biotinylated DNA probes for the detection of gene rearrangements in clinical specimens.
An evaluation of immunohistologic stains for immunoglobulin light chains in bone marrow biopsies in benign and malignant plasma cell proliferations.
Effect of FK 506 on spontaneous diabetes in BB rats.
Non-A, non-B hepatitis specific antibodies directed at host-derived epitope: implication for an autoimmune process [published erratum appears in Lancet 1990 Jan 26;337(8735):252]
Elimination of infectious human immunodeficiency virus from human T-cell cultures by synergistic action of CD4-Pseudomonas exotoxin and reverse transcriptase inhibitors.
Epstein-Barr virus-associated peripheral T-cell lymphoma of activated CD8 phenotype.
Hepatitis C quantification and sequencing in blood products, haemophiliacs, and drug users.
Human T-lymphotropic virus type I screening in volunteer blood donors--United States, 1989.
Pure red cell aplasia due to parvovirus B19 infection in a man with HIV infection.
Predicting progression to AIDS: combined usefulness of CD4 lymphocyte counts and p24 antigenemia
Elevation of serum thyroxine-binding globulin (but not of cortisol-binding globulin and sex hormone-binding globulin) associated with the progression of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Response of serum p24 antigen and antibody to p24 antigen in patients with AIDS and AIDS-related complex treated with zidovudine.
Sexual transmission of hepatitis C virus and its relation with hepatitis B virus and HIV
Association between a T cell receptor restriction fragment length polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus.
Safety and effects of interleukin-2 plus zidovudine in asymptomatic individuals infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Pulmonary hypertension in a lupus clinic: experience with twenty-four patients.
Primary hypoadrenalism in a patient with the lupus anticoagulant.
HIV prevalence estimates and AIDS case projections for the United States: report based upon a workshop.
Dideoxyinosine in children with symptomatic human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Enteral alimentation and repletion of body cell mass in malnourished patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Differential expression of CD24-related epitopes in mycosis fungoides/Sezary syndrome: a potential marker for circulating Sezary cells.
Biosynthesis and processing of cathepsin G and neutrophil elastase in the leukemic myeloid cell line U-937.
Long-term follow-up of 120 patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma treated with interferon alpha-2a.
Pilot study of a household survey to determine HIV seroprevalence.
National Health Interview Survey data on adult knowledge of AIDS in the United States.
A study of the deficiencies in the condom-use skills of gay men.
Performance characteristics of a novel immunoassay based on hybrid Ty virus-like particles (Ty-VLPs): rapid differentiation between HIV-1 and HIV-2 infection.
Successful use of pooled sera to determine HIV-1 seroprevalence in Zaire with development of cost-efficiency models.
Syncytium induction by fresh HIV isolates: quantitative analysis using a transactivation beta-gal assay.
Autoantibodies against CD4 cells are associated with CD4 helper defects in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Response of newly established mouse myeloid leukemic cell lines to MC3T3-G2/PA6 preadipocytes and hematopoietic factors.
Monoclonality in B cell lymphoma detected in paraffin wax embedded sections using the polymerase chain reaction.
Guidelines for preventing the transmission of tuberculosis in health-care settings, with special focus on HIV-related issues.
Update--transmission of HIV infection during an invasive dental procedure--Florida.
Plasma postheparin diamine oxidase in patients with small intestinal lymphoma.
Mortality attributable to HIV infection/AIDS--United States, 1981-1990.
Treatment of tuberculosis in patients with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol: a candidate system for interleukin-2 signal transduction.
The changing epidemiology of tuberculosis and other mycobacterial infections in the United States: implications for the radiologist.
Lupus anticoagulant inhibition of in vitro prostacyclin release is associated with a thrombosis-prone subset of patients.
Response to treatment with an analog of the luteinizing-hormone-releasing hormone in a patient with pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
Impact of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 on tuberculosis in rural Haiti.
Contribution of antibody response to recombinant HIV-1 gene-encoded products nef, rev, tat, and protease in predicting development of AIDS in HIV-1-infected individuals.
Immunologic parameters in early-stage HIV-seropositive subjects associated with vaccine responsiveness.
Interleukin-2 and interferon-gamma production in follicular lymphomas.
Long-term effect of cromolyn sodium on nonspecific bronchial hyperresponsiveness: a review.
T-gamma-lymphoproliferative disorder arising in a background of autoimmune disease and terminating in plasma cell dyscrasia with primary amyloidosis.
Differences in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) anti-p24 reactivities in serum of HIV-1-infected and uninfected subjects: analysis of indeterminate western blot reactions.
The dizzy patient: etiologic treatment.
Otic capsule bony lesions in the Palmerston North autoimmune mouse.
Pregnancy complicated by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Relation between humoral responses to HIV gag and env proteins at seroconversion and clinical outcome of HIV infection.
Comparison of the indirect immunobead, radiolabeled, and immunofluorescence assays for immunoglobulin G serum antibodies to human sperm.
Essential role for interferon-gamma and interleukin-6 in autoimmune insulin-dependent diabetes in NOD/Wehi mice.
The role of tumour necrosis factor-alpha in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Effects of long-term zidovudine treatment on cell-mediated immune response and lymphokine production.
Induction of CD4 and susceptibility to HIV-1 infection in human CD8+ T lymphocytes by human herpesvirus 6.
Utility of immunofluorescence of urine sediment for identifying patients with renal disease due to monoclonal gammopathies.
Absence of bcl-2 major breakpoint region and JH gene rearrangement in lymphocyte predominance Hodgkin's disease. Results of Southern blot analysis and polymerase chain reaction.
Association between the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and infection with Salmonella typhi or Salmonella paratyphi in an endemic typhoid area.
Relative contributions of host and microbial factors in bacterial translocation.
A circulating inhibitor of the platelet Na+,K+ adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) enzyme in allergy.
Specific destruction of host-reactive mature T cells of donor origin prevents graft-versus-host disease in cyclophosphamide-induced tolerant mice.
Malignant and nonmalignant T cell lines from human T cell lymphotropic virus type I-negative patients with Sezary syndrome.
T and B cell responses to myelin-oligodendrocyte glycoprotein in multiple sclerosis.
Intraabdominal Mycobacterium tuberculosis vs Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infections in patients with AIDS: distinction based on CT findings.
A simplified human whole blood assay for measurement of dust mite-specific gamma interferon production in vitro.
Hormone-sensitive adenylate cyclase system in lymphocytes from asthmatic patients: possible defects at the postreceptor sites.
Effects of antiretroviral dideoxynucleosides on polymorphonuclear leukocyte function.
Surrogate markers for survival in patients with AIDS and AIDS related complex treated with zidovudine
Assessment of hypothalamic-pituitary function in patients with familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy.
Report of an expert panel on the Public Health Laboratory role in early intervention and treatment of human immunodeficiency virus infections.
Demographic characteristics, drug use, and sexual behavior of i.v. drug user with AIDS in Bronx, New York.
Common T-cell receptor V beta usage in oligoclonal T lymphocytes derived from cerebrospinal fluid and blood of patients with multiple sclerosis.
Screening for lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibodies in women with fetal loss.
Increase in the expression of a family of small guanosine triphosphate-binding proteins, rab proteins, during induced phagocyte differentiation.
Long-term care needs of hospitalized persons with AIDS: a prospective cohort study.
Detection of infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1 in infants by an anti-HIV immunoglobulin A assay using recombinant proteins.
Guidelines for prophylaxis against Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia for children infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Paraproteinemic corneal deposits in plasma cell myeloma.
Correlation of serum antigen and antibody concentration with clinical features in HIV infection.
Abnormal vitamin B12 metabolism in human immunodeficiency virus infection. Association with neurological dysfunction.
Mutations of the p53 gene in lymphoid leukemia.
Acute myeloblastic leukaemia--a model for assessing value for money for new treatment programmes.
Enhanced renal leukotriene production in murine lupus: role of lipoxygenase metabolites.
One explanation of the asthma paradox: inhibition of natural anti-inflammatory mechanism by beta 2-agonists
Characteristics of, and HIV infection among, women served by publicly funded HIV counseling and testing services--United States, 1989-1990.
High titers of cytopathic virus in plasma of patients with symptomatic primary HIV-1 infection.
Transient high levels of viremia in patients with primary human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection.
Improved speed and accuracy of calculations with a programmable calculator in pediatric emergency scenarios.
Mast cells and cell-to-cell interactions in airways.
Abnormal guanine nucleotide regulatory protein in MVP dysautonomia: evidence from reconstitution of Gs.
T cell subsets and their soluble products regulate eosinophilia in allergic and nonallergic asthma.
Substance P acts directly upon cloned B lymphoma cells to enhance IgA and IgM production.
Transient T and B cell activation after neonatal induction of tolerance to MHC class II or Mls alloantigens.
Multiple patterns of alloantigen presenting/stimulating cell dysfunction in patients with AIDS.
Infection of CD8+ T lymphocytes with HIV. Requirement for interaction with infected CD4+ cells and induction of infectious virus from chronically infected CD8+ cells.
T-dependent destruction of thyroid isografts exposed to IFN-gamma.
AIDS-related knowledge and behaviors among teenagers--Italy, 1990.
A multicenter trial of oral zidovudine in children with advanced human immunodeficiency virus disease. The Protocol 043 Study Group.
Restricted T-cell receptor V beta gene usage by myelin basic protein-specific T-cell clones in multiple sclerosis: predominant genes vary in individuals.
Acute ventilatory response to green coffee dust extract.
Yeast-expressed p55 precursor core protein of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 does not elicit protective immunity in chimpanzees.
Quantitative analysis of HIV-1 proviral DNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with AIDS or ARC: decrease of proviral DNA content following treatment with 2',3'-dideoxyinosine (ddI).
Identification of regions of HIV-1 p24 reactive with sera which give "indeterminate" results in electrophoretic immunoblots with the help of long synthetic peptides.
CD16+ NK cells decrease in all stages of HIV infection through a selective depletion of the CD16+CD8+CD3- subset.
Investigations on etiology of Crohn's disease. Humoral immune response to stress (heat shock) proteins.
Neonatal screening for sickle cell disease: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Risks and benefits of home parenteral nutrition in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Malnutrition in patients with AIDS.
Resolution of microsporidial epithelial keratopathy in a patient with AIDS.
Otolaryngology problems in the immune compromised patient--an evolving natural history.
The intracutaneous progressive dilution multi-food test.
Sudden hearing loss due to AIDS-related cryptococcal meningitis--a temporal bone study.
The ventilatory and oxygen costs in the anesthetized rhesus monkey of inhaling drugs used in the therapy and diagnosis of asthma.
Influence of elevated plasma levels of atrial natriuretic factor on bronchial reactivity in asthma.
Frequent identification of HIV-1 DNA in bronchoalveolar lavage cells obtained from individuals with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
T-lymphocyte requirement for diabetes in RT6-depleted diabetes-resistant BB rats.
Susceptibility to multiple sclerosis is associated with the proximal immunoglobulin heavy chain variable region.
CD8+ cell anti-HIV activity correlates with the clinical state of the infected individual.
Combined treatment of symptomatic human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection with native interferon-alpha and zidovudine.
A B cell-deficient mouse by targeted disruption of the membrane exon of the immunoglobulin mu chain gene.
Increased free light chains in the urine from patients with multiple sclerosis.
Characterization of target injury of murine acute graft-versus-host disease directed to multiple minor histocompatibility antigens elicited by either CD4+ or CD8+ effector cells.
Cost effectiveness of low-dose zidovudine therapy for asymptomatic patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Low-dose intermittent trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Magnetic resonance imaging of central nervous system lesions in patients with lupus erythematosus. Correlation with clinical remission and antineurofilament and anticardiolipin antibody titers.
Enhanced CD3-mediated T lymphocyte proliferation in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
An idiotypic network model of AIDS immunopathogenesis.
Southern blot analysis in a case of Richter's syndrome. Evidence for a postrearrangement heavy chain gene deletion associated with the altered phenotype.
Cough-type asthma: a review.
Anaphylaxis and desensitization to the murine monoclonal antibody used for renal graft rejection.
Inhibition of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 morphogenesis in T cells by alpha interferon.
Predominant T cell receptor V gene usage in patients with abnormal clones of B cells.
A familial occurrence of natural killer cell--T-lymphocyte proliferation disease in two children.
Staphylococcal enterotoxin-dependent lysis of MHC class II negative target cells by cytolytic T lymphocytes.
In vitro assays show a dissociation of reverse transcriptase activity and core antigen (p24) production in two HIV-1 isolates from a patient receiving long-term treatment with zidovudine (ZDV).
Primary prophylaxis for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in HIV-infected people with CD4 counts below 200/mm3: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Exacerbation of dideoxycytidine-induced neuropathy with dideoxyinosine.
Treatment of AIDS with combinations of antiretroviral agents.
Eicosanoids and platelet-activating factor in allergic respiratory diseases.
A phase I/II study of trichosanthin treatment of HIV disease
Efficacy of recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on neutropenia in patients with AIDS.
Genomic organization of IgH gene compared with the expression of Bcl-2 gene in t(14;18)-positive lymphoma.
Expression of shared idiotypes in chronic lymphocytic leukemia and small lymphocytic lymphoma.
Phase I/II trial of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Pathology and human immunodeficiency virus expression in placentas of seropositive women.
Comparison of spinal fluid beta 2-microglobulin levels with CD4+ T cell count, in vitro T helper cell function, and spinal fluid IgG parameters in 163 neurologically normal adults infected with the human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
The second-generation antihistamines. What makes them different?
Current approaches to prevention of HIV infections.
AIDS knowledge in low-income and minority populations.
AIDS awareness in North Dakota--a knowledge and attitude study of the general population.
Molecular analysis of major histocompatibility complex alleles associated with the lupus anticoagulant.
Prospective gene rearrangement studies and multiparameter analysis of acute myeloid leukemia.
Pharmacologic control of plasma exudation into tracheobronchial airways.
Difference in the phenotypes of bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocytes in patients with summer-type hypersensitivity pneumonitis, farmer's lung, ventilation pneumonitis, and bird fancier's lung: report of a nationwide epidemiologic study in Japan.
Effect of H1-receptor blockade on late cutaneous reactions to antigen: a double-blind, controlled study.
Monoclonal anti-T cell (T12) antibody treatment of graft-versus-host disease in severe combined immunodeficiency: targeting of antibody and activation of complement on CD8+ cytotoxic T cell surfaces.
The effect of inhaled ipratropium bromide alone and in combination with oral terfenadine on bronchoconstriction provoked by adenosine 5'-monophosphate and histamine in asthma.
Distinct subsets of accessory cells activate Thy-1+ triple negative (CD3-, CD4-, CD8-) cells and Th-1 delayed-type hypersensitivity effector T cells.
Organ-specific cardiac antibodies: serological markers for systemic hypertension in autoimmune polyendocrinopathy.
Diagnostic efficacy of in vitro methods vs. skin testing in patients with inhalant allergies.
Combined therapy with recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor and erythropoietin decreases hematologic toxicity from zidovudine.
Prognostic value of lymphocyte surface markers in acute myeloid leukemia.
Pharmacokinetics of didanosine in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related complex.
Racial heterogeneity of HIV antigenemia in people with HIV infection.
CD8+ T lymphocytes and progression to AIDS in HIV-infected men: some observations.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection of human lymph nodes in the SCID-hu mouse.
HIV-1 infection complicated by food allergy and allergic gastroenteritis: a case report.
Allergy to penicillin: fable or fact?
In vivo additive antiretroviral effect of combined zidovudine and foscarnet therapy for human immunodeficiency virus infection (ACTG Protocol 053).
Improving the cost-effectiveness of AIDS health care in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Recombinant granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after autologous bone marrow transplantation for lymphoid cancer.
Middle meatus anstrostomy: patency rates and risk factors.
Autoantibodies to nucleolar antigens in systemic scleroderma: clinical correlations.
Lymphomatoid papulosis followed by large-cell lymphoma: immunophenotypical and genotypical analysis.
Biological and biochemical characterization of a factor produced spontaneously by adherent cells of human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients inhibiting interleukin-2 receptor alpha chain (Tac) expression on normal T cells.
Potential of parenteral and enteral nutrition in inflammation and immune dysfunction: a new challenge for dietitians [published erratum appears in J Am Diet Assoc 1991 Aug;91(8):913]
Cytokine secretion by C3H-lpr and -gld T cells. Hypersecretion of IFN-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha by stimulated CD4+ T cells.
Defective HLA DRA X box binding in the class II transactive transcription factor mutant 6.1.6 and in cell lines from class II immunodeficient patients.
Nephrotoxic potential of Bence Jones proteins
Relationship between acute myelomonoblastic leukemia and infection due to human immunodeficiency virus.
Immune response and Trypanosoma cruzi infection in Trypanosoma rangeli-immunized mice.
Heterogeneity of the T-cell receptor beta gene rearrangements generated in myelin basic protein-specific T-cell clones isolated from a patient with multiple sclerosis.
Inhibitor of the thrombin time in systemic amyloidosis: a common coagulation abnormality.
Frequency and significance of antibody to hepatitis C virus in severe corticosteroid-treated autoimmune chronic active hepatitis
Soluble CD8 levels in the CSF and serum of patients with multiple sclerosis.
Advances in pediatric drug therapy of asthma.
Utilization and clinical manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus type 1-infected children presenting to a pediatric emergency department.
Selective elimination of HIV-1-infected cells with an interleukin-2 receptor-specific cytotoxin.
Nutritional support of patients with AIDS.
Effect of radiation therapy on thoracic and lumbar bone marrow: evaluation with MR imaging.
Urinary leukotriene E4 in patients with asthma. Effect of airways reactivity and sodium cromoglycate.
Complement consumption in a patient with necrobiotic xanthogranuloma and paraproteinemia.
The initial immune response to HIV and immune system activation determine the outcome of HIV disease.
Safety and immunogenicity of multiple conventional immunizations administered during early HIV infection.
Toward rational nutritional support of the human immunodeficiency virus-infected patient [editorial]
Bispecific antibodies that mediate killing of cells infected with human immunodeficiency virus of any strain.
Receptor protein-tyrosine phosphatase gamma is a candidate tumor suppressor gene at human chromosome region 3p21.
Building skills of recovering women drug users to reduce heterosexual AIDS transmission.
Lymphomas of true histiocytic origin. Expression of different phenotypes in so-called true histiocytic lymphoma and malignant histiocytosis.
Homology of the amyloid beta protein precursor in monkey and human supports a primate model for beta amyloidosis in Alzheimer's disease.
Most CD8+ cells in skin lesions of CD3+ CD4+ mycosis fungoides are CD3+ T cells that lack CD11b, CD16, CD56, CD57, and human Hanukah factor mRNA.
Thrombosis in systemic lupus erythematosus: a French collaborative study.
Development of a highly specific and sensitive molecular probe for detection of cutaneous lymphoma.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) genomic sequences and distinct changes in CD8+ lymphocytes precede detectable levels of HIV-1 antibodies in high-risk homosexuals.
A phase I/II trial of zidovudine, interferon-alpha, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection.
High-level viremia in adults and children infected with human immunodeficiency virus: relation to disease stage and CD4+ lymphocyte levels.
Evidence of limited variability of antigen receptors on intrathyroidal T cells in autoimmune thyroid disease
Frequent injecting impairs lymphocyte reactivity in HIV-positive and HIV-negative drug users.
Prevalence of HIV-1 p24 antigenemia in African and North American populations and correlation with clinical status.
Increased expression of the CD45RO (memory) antigen on T cells in HIV-infected children.
HIV prevalence, immunosuppression, and drug resistance in patients with tuberculosis in an area endemic for AIDS.
Controlling HIV in Africa: effectiveness and cost of an intervention in a high-frequency STD transmitter core group.
Lymphocytes from HIV-infected individuals show aberrant inositol polyphosphate metabolism which reverses after zidovudine therapy.
Recognition of poliovirus/HIV chimaeras by antisera from individuals with HIV infection.
Effect of antiallergic agents and bronchial hypersensitivity in short-term bronchial asthma.
Benefits and costs of HIV testing.
Airway blood flow modifies allergic airway smooth muscle contraction.
Classification of amyloidosis by the detection of clonal excess of plasma cells in the bone marrow.
An open trial of OKT3 in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Gamma-interferon induction in patients with chronic progressive MS.
Frequent detection of HIV-1-specific mRNAs in infected individuals suggests ongoing active viral expression in all stages of disease.
Interferon-alpha and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in serum of patients in various stages of HIV-1 infection.
Serum levels of IL-2, IL-1 alpha, TNF-alpha, and soluble receptor of IL-2 in HIV-1-infected patients.
Curdlan sulfate and HIV-1. I. In vitro inhibitory effects of curdlan sulfate on HIV-1 infection.
Gene rearrangement in B- and T-lymphoproliferative disease detected by the polymerase chain reaction.
Rapid infusion of Sandoglobulin in patients with primary humoral immunodeficiency.
Abnormal thymocyte development and production of autoreactive T cells in T cell receptor transgenic autoimmune mice.
Pharmacokinetics of R 82913 in patients with AIDS or AIDS-related complex.
Enteral feeding and infection in the immunocompromised patient.
Serum tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 1-beta, p24 antigen concentrations and CD4+ cells at various stages of human immunodeficiency virus 1 infection in children.
National surveillance of dialysis-associated diseases in the United States, 1989.
Diffuse large cell lymphoma occurring in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia. Evidence for the two different clones in Richter's syndrome.
Sezary syndrome in a patient with hairy cell leukemia in remission.
Evidence for existence of immunoglobulins that block ovarian granulosa cell growth in vitro. A putative role in resistant ovary syndrome?
Modeling zidovudine therapy: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Effect of interferon-gamma on B lymphocytes of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Intestinal mucosal permeability in inflammatory rheumatic diseases. II. Role of disease.
FK 506 reverses acute graft-versus-host disease after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in rats.
Nasal provocation test with lysine acetylsalicylate in aspirin-sensitive patients.
Capsaicin inhibits airway hyperresponsiveness but not lipoxygenase activity or eosinophilia after repeated aerosolized antigen in guinea pigs.
Liver macrophage-mediated cytotoxicity toward mastocytoma cells involves phagocytosis of tumor targets.
Eosinophil activation and T lymphocyte infiltration in allergen-induced late phase skin reactions and classical delayed-type hypersensitivity.
Quantitation of human immunodeficiency virus in vertically infected infants and children.
Deficient human immunodeficiency virus type 1-specific cytotoxic T cell responses in vertically infected children.
Prevention of HIV-1 IIIB infection in chimpanzees by CD4 immunoadhesin
Zidovudine in the management of primary HIV-1 infection.
Immune activation markers and AIDS prognosis.
HIV-1 seropositivity and mortality at University Hospital, Kinshasa, Zaire, 1987.
Acquired hypoprothrombinaemia and lupus anticoagulant: response to steroid therapy.
Effector mechanisms in organ-specific autoimmunity. I. Characterization of a CD8+ T cell line that mediates murine interstitial nephritis.
Cost and benefit of secondary prophylaxis for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Prospective study on the efficacy of branched-chain amino acids in septic patients.
Interferon-gamma enhances growth factor-dependent proliferation of clonogenic cells in acute myeloblastic leukemia.
Unusual alpha beta-T cells expanded in autoimmune lpr mice are probably a counterpart of normal T cells in the liver.
Control of T cell responses to staphylococcal enterotoxins by stimulator cell MHC class II polymorphism.
Effects of hypercapnia and hypocapnia on respiratory resistance in normal and asthmatic subjects.
Thy-1 and T-cell receptor antigen expression in mycosis fungoides and benign inflammatory dermatoses.
Designing an AIDS information campaign to reach intravenous drug users and sex partners.
Omega-3 fatty acids in health and disease and in growth and development.
Solitary expression of CD7 among T-cell antigens in acute myeloid leukemia: identification of a group of patients with similar T-cell receptor beta and delta rearrangements and course of disease suggestive of poor prognosis.
Interleukin-9 expression in human malignant lymphomas: unique association with Hodgkin's disease and large cell anaplastic lymphoma.
Intravenous immunoglobulin in bone marrow transplantation.
VH gene analysis of spontaneously activated B cells in adult MRL-lpr/lpr mice. J558 bias is not limited to classic lupus autoantibodies.
Reconstitution of Leishmania immunity in severe combined immunodeficient mice using Th1- and Th2-like cell lines.
The infectious and hematologic otolaryngic complications of myelosuppressive cancer chemotherapy.
APP717, APP693, and PRIP gene mutations are rare in Alzheimer disease
DNA diagnosis for hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis (Dutch type)
Detection, quantification and sequencing of HIV-1 from the plasma of seropositive individuals and from factor VIII concentrates.
Quantitative assessment of HIV-1 DNA load by coamplification of HIV-1 gag and HLA-DQ-alpha genes.
HIV proteins absent from placentas of 75 HIV-1-positive women studied by immunohistochemistry.
Ig VH gene expression among human follicular lymphomas.
Anti-HIV and anti-anti-MHC antibodies in alloimmune and autoimmune mice.
Aerosol pentamidine-induced bronchoconstriction. Predictive factors and preventive therapy.
Comparison of assay systems for detecting antibodies to nuclear ribonucleoproteins.
In vitro characterization of a murine recipient anti-donor effector cell responsible for the development of chronic graft-versus-host disease.
IFN-gamma differentially modulates the susceptibility of L1210 and P815 tumor targets for macrophage-mediated cytotoxicity. Role of macrophage-target interaction coupled to nitric oxide generation, but independent of tumor necrosis factor production.
Neocortical damage during HIV infection.
Serum soluble CD8 molecule is a marker of CD8 T-cell activation in HIV-1 disease.
Shedding of the soluble form of the CD8 complex by CD8+/HLA-DR+ cells in HIV-1-infected patients.
B-cell activation during HIV-1 infection. III. Down-regulating effect of mitogens.
Occult surgical glove perforations in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
Analysis of beta, gamma, and delta T-cell receptor genes in mycosis fungoides and Sezary syndrome.
Primary anetoderma associated with a wide spectrum of autoimmune abnormalities.
Augmentation of cellular immune function during the early phase of zidovudine treatment of AIDS patients.
Detection of infectious immune complexes in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infections: correlation with plasma viremia and CD4 cell counts.
Detection of human immunodeficiency virus DNA and RNA in semen by the polymerase chain reaction.
HIV antigen variability in ARC/AIDS.
Prevalence of HIV-1 infection and symptomatology of AIDS in severely malnourished children in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania.
Testicular function in active ankylosing spondylitis. Therapeutic response to human chorionic gonadotrophin.
Four years of North American registry home parenteral nutrition outcome data and their implications for patient management.
Significance of anti-phospholipid antibodies in patients with lupus nephritis.
Binding of thymic factors to the conserved decanucleotide promoter element of the T-cell receptor V beta gene is developmentally regulated and is absent in SCID mice.
Virus-triggered acquired immunodeficiency by cytotoxic T-cell-dependent destruction of antigen-presenting cells and lymph follicle structure.
Preventing secondary infections among HIV-positive persons.
Drug use and sexual behavior of indigent African American men.
Depletion of CD4+ T cells in major histocompatibility complex class II-deficient mice.
Resistance to ddI and sensitivity to AZT induced by a mutation in HIV-1 reverse transcriptase.
Effects of HIV infection on pregnancy. A clinical and immunologic evaluation.
