Comparison of chloroquine, pyrimethamine and sulfadoxine, and chlorproguanil and dapsone as treatment for falciparum malaria in pregnant and non-pregnant women, Kakamega District, Kenya.
Surgical aspects of malaria.
Acanthamoeba keratitis with two species of Acanthamoeba.
Endoscopic cholangiopancreatography in hepatic clonorchiasis--a follow-up study.
Cardiac echinococcosis: the diagnostic value of computed tomography scanning.
The relationship of antibody levels to the clinical spectrum of human neurocysticercosis.
Use of CT and MR imaging to distinguish intracranial lesions and to define the need for biopsy in AIDS patients
Neurological sequelae of cerebral malaria in children.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital toxoplasmosis.
Infectious diarrhea. Managing a misery that is still worldwide.
Clinicopathological features of childhood nephrotic syndrome in northern Nigeria
Impact of mass treatment of onchocerciasis with ivermectin on the transmission of infection.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis in AIDS and non-AIDS immunocompromised hosts: diagnosis by sputum and bronchoalveolar lavage.
Cerebral cysticercosis.
Pleuropulmonary manifestations of hepatic amebiasis
Ascariasis.
Toxoplasmic chorioretinitis and hepatic granulomas.
High infectious morbidity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes: an understated complication.
Successful medical management of Acanthamoeba keratitis
Humoral and cell-mediated immune responses to the Plasmodium falciparum antigens PF155/RESA and CS protein: seasonal variations in a population recently reexposed to endemic malaria.
In vitro growth inhibition of Plasmodium falciparum by sera from different regions of the Philippines.
Comparison of active and passive case detection of cutaneous leishmaniasis in Guatemala.
Diffuse cutaneous leishmaniasis acquired in Peru.
A comparison of host responses of the Mongolian jird to infections of Brugia malayi and B. pahangi.
Transmission indices of Loa loa in the Chaillu Mountains, Congo.
In vivo assessment of antimicrobial agents against Toxoplasma gondii by quantification of parasites in the blood, lungs, and brain of infected mice.
Intraoperative bronchial aspiration of ruptured pulmonary hydatid cysts.
An immunofluorescence study of cerebral malaria. A correlation with histopathology.
In vitro rosetting, cytoadherence, and microagglutination properties of Plasmodium falciparum-infected erythrocytes from Gambian and Tanzanian patients.
Mefloquine kinetics in cured and recrudescent patients with acute falciparum malaria and in healthy volunteers.
Hemoptysis in a 49-year-old man. An unusual presentation of a sporadic disease.
Variceal sclerosis in schistosomotic patients: a 5-year follow-up study.
Transfusion risks.
Circulating immune complex-associated parasite antigens in human onchocerciasis.
Bacterial infections in patients with visceral leishmaniasis.
Diagnosis of intestinal amebiasis using salivary IgA antibody detection.
Effects of albendazole on Echinococcus multilocularis infection in the Mongolian jird.
Dexamethasone increases plasma levels of albendazole.
Toxoplasmosis of the conus medullaris in a patient with hemophilia A-associated AIDS. Case report.
Cerebral malaria in children
HIV disease: a review for the family physician. Part II. Secondary infections, malignancy and experimental therapy.
Detection of congenital toxoplasmosis by chorionic villus sampling and early amniocentesis.
Variations in malaria transmission rates are not related to anopheline survivorship per feeding cycle.
Geographical distribution of Plasmodium falciparum erythrocyte rosetting and frequency of rosetting antibodies in human sera.
Studies in owl monkeys leading to the development of a synthetic vaccine against the asexual blood stages of Plasmodium falciparum.
Immunization of owl monkeys with a combination of Plasmodium falciparum asexual blood-stage synthetic peptide antigens.
Ultrasonographical investigations of onchocerciasis in Liberia.
Plasmodium falciparum-infected Anopheles stephensi inconsistently transmit malaria to humans.
Quantitative in vitro drug potency and drug susceptibility evaluation of Leishmania ssp. from patients unresponsive to pentavalent antimony therapy.
Parasite antigenemia in untreated and treated lymphatic filarial infections.
Selective breeding of dogs for segregation of limb edema from microfilaremia as clinical manifestations of Brugia infections.
Physical activity, opportunity for reinfection, and sibling history of heart disease as risk factors for Chagas' cardiopathy.
Efficacy and toxicity of sodium stibogluconate for mucosal leishmaniasis.
Acute renal failure in obstructive jaundice in cholangiocarcinoma.
Sulfadiazine crystalluria revisited. The treatment of Toxoplasma encephalitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Lindane (Kwell)-induced aplastic anemia.
Pathophysiological insights into the cardiomyopathy of Chagas' disease.
Longitudinal study of lesions of the posterior segment in onchocerciasis.
Toxoplasma gondii retinochoroiditis and optic neuritis in acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Report of a case.
Concomitant neurocysticercosis and brucellosis.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis with central nervous system involvement diagnosed antemortem in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Burkitts lymphoma.
Echinococcus infestation of the biceps brachii. A case report.
Phrenomediastinal echinococcosis.
Epidemiology of epilepsy in Guaymi Indians from Bocas del Toro Province, Republic of Panama.
Light microscopic diagnosis of human microsporidiosis and variable response to octreotide.
B cell responses to paramyosin. Isotypic analysis and epitope mapping of filarial paramyosin in patients with onchocerciasis.
Eosinophilic meningitis: cause of a chronic pain syndrome.
The "nuisance" sexually transmitted diseases: molluscum contagiosum, scabies, and crab lice.
Identification of Toxoplasma gondii in paraffin-embedded sections by the polymerase chain reaction.
Acanthamoeba keratitis associated with disposable contact lenses.
Visceral leishmaniasis in a Scottish child.
Human cerebral malaria: association with erythrocyte rosetting and lack of anti-rosetting antibodies.
Pregnancy outcome after inadvertent ivermectin treatment during community-based distribution.
Activated eosinophils increase vascular permeability and resistance in isolated perfused rat lungs
Filarial-specific IgG4 response correlates with active Wuchereria bancrofti infection.
Serum resistance of metacyclic stage Leishmania major promastigotes is due to release of C5b-9.
Analysis of the permissive association of a malaria T cell epitope with DR molecules.
Sensitive and specific detection of toxoplasma DNA in an experimental murine model: use of Toxoplasma gondii-specific cDNA and the polymerase chain reaction.
Tumor necrosis factor and severe malaria.
Effectiveness and tolerance of long-term malaria prophylaxis with mefloquine. Need for a better dosing regimen
Imported Plasmodium falciparum malaria in American travelers to Africa. Implications for prevention strategies
Leishmania donovani chagasi: new clinical variant of cutaneous leishmaniasis in Honduras.
Strongyloides stercoralis associated with a bleeding gastric ulcer.
Potential role of IgG avidity for diagnosing toxoplasmosis.
Rapid diagnosis of malaria by fluorescence microscopy with light microscope and interference filter
Exchange transfusion as an adjunct to the treatment of severe falciparum malaria: case report and review.
Short-term course of corticosteroids in the treatment of resistant ascites complicating schistosomal liver disease.
Eosinophilic ascites due to hyperinfection with Strongyloides stercoralis.
A comparative study of gastrointestinal infections in United States soldiers receiving doxycycline or mefloquine for malaria prophylaxis.
Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis due to Leishmania (Leishmania) infantum: biochemical characterization.
Leishmania mexicana complex: human infections in the Republic of Panama.
Infectivity of the subspecies of the Leishmania braziliensis complex in vivo and in vitro.
An improved serodiagnostic procedure for visceral leishmaniasis.
Wasting and macrophage production of tumor necrosis factor/cachectin and interleukin 1 in experimental visceral leishmaniasis.
Effects of multiple monthly doses of ivermectin on adult Onchocerca volvulus.
Amebic meningoencephalitis in a patient with AIDS caused by a newly recognized opportunistic pathogen. Leptomyxid ameba.
Scabies in nursing homes: an eradication program with permethrin 5% cream.
Monoclonal, but not polyclonal, antibodies protect against Plasmodium yoelii sporozoites.
Antibodies to human T lymphotropic virus type I in a population from the Philippines: evidence for cross-reactivity with Plasmodium falciparum.
A comparison of 6-, 12-, and 24-monthly dosing with ivermectin for treatment of onchocerciasis.
Community-based treatment of onchocerciasis with ivermectin: safety, efficacy, and acceptability of yearly treatment.
Visceral leishmaniasis in HIV infection and AIDS: clinical features and response to therapy.
Infestation of extraocular muscle by Cysticercus cellulosae.
Meningitis due to protozoa and helminths.
Toxoplasma gondii infection during pregnancy: T lymphocyte subpopulations in mothers and fetuses.
Protection against malaria morbidity: near-fixation of the alpha-thalassemia gene in a Nepalese population.
The effect of N-alkyl modification on the antimalarial activity of 3-hydroxypyridin-4-one oral iron chelators.
Changes in electrocardiographic patterns at different stages of Chagas' heart disease in rats.
Genetic control of the immune response in mice to Leishmania mexicana surface protease.
Inability of malaria vaccine to induce antibodies to a protective epitope within its sequence.
Techniques in endoscopic lithotripsy using pulsed dye laser.
Impaired sympathetic nerve function in the inflamed rat intestine.
Cardiac echinococcosis with fatal intracerebral embolism.
Fatal adult respiratory distress syndrome following successful treatment of pulmonary strongyloidiasis.
Isolation and characterization of a new human microsporidian, Encephalitozoon hellem (n. sp.), from three AIDS patients with keratoconjunctivitis.
Rapid microscopic detection of malaria parasites permanently fluorochrome stained in blood smears with aluminum and morin.
Hosts on which nymphal Ixodes ricinus most abundantly feed.
Detection of Plasmodium falciparum infection with the fluorescent dye, benzothiocarboxypurine.
Acridine orange fluorescent microscopy and the detection of malaria in populations with low-density parasitemia.
Characteristics of natural antibody responses to the circumsporozoite protein of Plasmodium vivax.
Plasmodium vivax sporozoite antibodies in individuals exposed during a single malaria outbreak in a non-endemic area.
Comparison of high dose ivermectin and diethylcarbamazine for activity against bancroftian filariasis in Haiti.
Immunization of owl monkeys with the ring-infected erythrocyte surface antigen of Plasmodium falciparum.
A spleen is not necessary to resolve infections with Plasmodium yoelii.
Intestinal cryptosporidiosis: pathophysiologic alterations and specific cellular and humoral immune responses in rnu/+ and rnu/rnu (athymic) rats.
The effect of chloroquine prophylaxis on yellow fever vaccine antibody response: comparison of plaque reduction neutralization test and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Definition of the role of contemporary surgical management in cisternal and parenchymatous cysticercosis cerebri.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the brain.
Use of immunoglobulin gene rearrangements to show clonal lymphoproliferation in hyper-reactive malarial splenomegaly
Co-trimoxazole for childhood febrile illness in malaria-endemic regions.
Intracranial pressure in African children with cerebral malaria
Onchocercacidal effects of amocarzine (CGP 6140) in Latin America.
Cerebral falciparum malaria mimicking thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Growth in children from the Wosera subdistrict, Papua New Guinea, in relation to energy and protein intakes and zinc status.
The epidemiologic association of Fuchs' heterochromic iridocyclitis and ocular toxoplasmosis.
Inhibition of anaphylaxis-evoked intestinal fluid secretion by the dual application of an H1 antagonist and cyclooxygenase inhibitor.
Macrophage engulfment of mucosal mast cells in rats treated with dexamethasone.
Mucin and nonmucin secretagogue activity of Entamoeba histolytica and cholera toxin in rat colon.
Cross-antigenicity between the scabies mite, Sarcoptes scabiei, and the house dust mite, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus.
Increased number of dendritic cells in draining lymph nodes accompanies the generation of contact photosensitivity.
Mass flea outbreak at a child care facility: case report.
Linear areas of echogenicity in the thalami and basal ganglia of neonates: an expanded association. Work in progress.
Hookworm folliculitis.
Scabies presenting as bullous pemphigoid-like eruption.
Therapy for acute infectious diarrhea in children.
Etiology and mechanisms of acute infectious diarrhea in infants in the United States.
Rhegmatogenous retinal detachments in patients with AIDS and necrotizing retinal infections.
Hydatid cyst of the interatrial and interventricular septum of the heart.
Duration of adult female Ixodes dammini attachment and transmission of Borrelia burgdorferi, with description of a needle aspiration isolation method.
Protective and curative effects of rifampicin in Acanthamoeba meningitis of the mouse.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Signs and symptoms of parasitic diseases.
Sexually transmitted parasitic diseases.
Parasitic diseases. Diseases associated with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
The pinworm, Enterobius vermicularis.
Parasites of the skin and hair.
The office diagnosis of common intestinal parasitic diseases.
Malaria.
Parasitic diseases. International travel. Preparing your patient.
The roundworm, Ascaris lumbricoides.
Parasitic diseases. Other roundworms. Trichuris, hookworm, and Strongyloides.
Parasites during pregnancy.
An immunogenic Onchocerca volvulus antigen: a specific and early marker of infection.
Endoscopic assessment of chloroquine phosphate-induced damage to esophageal, gastric, and duodenal mucosa.
Detection of Opisthorchis viverrini by monoclonal antibody-based ELISA and DNA hybridization.
Abdominal sparganosis in Ecuador: a case report.
Experimental Onchocerca volvulus infections in mangabey monkeys (Cercocebus atys) compared to infections in humans and chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes).
Analysis of isotype-specific antifilarial antibody levels in a Haitian pediatric population.
Microvascular sequestration of parasitized erythrocytes in human falciparum malaria: a pathological study.
Immunization and protection against malaria during murine pregnancy.
Evidence for specific suppression of gametocytemia by Plasmodium falciparum in residents of hyperendemic Irian Jaya.
A longitudinal study of seroreactivities to Plasmodium falciparum antigens in infants and children living in a holoendemic area of Liberia.
Naturally acquired circumsporozoite antibodies and their role in protection in endemic falciparum and vivax malaria.
Andean leishmaniasis in Ecuador caused by infection with Leishmania mexicana and L. major-like parasites.
Leishmania (Viannia) braziliensis: comparative pathology of golden hamsters infected with isolates from cutaneous and mucosal lesions of patients residing in Tres Bracos, Bahia, Brazil.
Dynamic cardiomyoplasty in chronic Chagas' heart disease: clinicopathological data.
Ocular manifestations of onchocerciasis in a rain forest area of west Africa.
Histopathology and immunohistochemistry of the caecum in children with the Trichuris dysentery syndrome.
Measurement of acute phase proteins for assessing severity of Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Automated microparticle enzyme immunoassays for IgG and IgM antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii.
Bilateral sudden deafness and acute acquired toxoplasmosis.
Circulating Epstein-Barr virus-carrying B cells in acute malaria.
Clinical significance of small-intestinal microsporidiosis in HIV-1-infected individuals
Use of the Denver pleuroperitoneal shunt in the treatment of chylothorax secondary to filariasis.
Echinococcal disease of the urinary tract: review of the management of 7 cases.
Maternal filarial infection as risk factor for infection in children.
Community control of scabies: a model based on use of permethrin cream
Cerebral sparganosis: case report and review.
Activities of pefloxacin and ciprofloxacin against experimental malaria in mice.
Immunity to onchocerciasis: recognition of larval antigens by humans putatively immune to Onchocerca volvulus infection.
Evidence of nonsusceptibility to diethylcarbamazine in Wuchereria bancrofti.
Liposomal amphotericin B in drug-resistant visceral leishmaniasis.
Transfusion-transmitted babesiosis: a case report from a new endemic area.
Current practices in the management of ocular toxoplasmosis.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome with disseminated toxoplasmosis presenting as an acute pulmonary and gastrointestinal illness.
Pentastomiasis in Canada.
Echographic characteristics of ocular toxocariasis.
Protection against malaria by vaccination with sporozoite surface protein 2 plus CS protein.
Anti-Toxoplasma effects of dapsone alone and combined with pyrimethamine.
Remarkable in vitro and in vivo activities of the hydroxynaphthoquinone 566C80 against tachyzoites and tissue cysts of Toxoplasma gondii.
Prolonged malaria prophylaxis with chloroquine and proguanil (chloroguanide) in a nonimmune resident population of an endemic area with a high prevalence of chloroquine resistance.
A role for IgE in intestinal immunity. Expression of rapid expulsion of Trichinella spiralis in rats transfused with IgE and thoracic duct lymphocytes.
Primary central nervous system lymphoma versus toxoplasmosis in AIDS.
Intestinal parasites in Cambodians: comparison of diagnostic methods used in screening refugees with implications for treatment of populations with high rates of infestation.
Aphthoid ulceration of the colon in strongyloidiasis.
Improvement in severe onchocercal skin disease after a single dose of ivermectin.
Ophthalmomyiasis caused by the reindeer warble fly larva.
Strongyloides stercoralis hyperinfection in an HIV positive patient.
High mebendazole doses in pulmonary and hepatic hydatid disease.
Visceral leishmaniasis: another HIV-associated opportunistic infection? Report of eight cases and review of the literature.
Epilepsy: disappearing lesions appearing in the United Kingdom
Povidone-iodine in experimental peritoneal hydatidosis.
Guatemalan human onchocerciasis. I. Systematic analysis of patient populations, nodular antigens, and specific isotypic reactions.
Guatemalan human onchocerciasis. II. Evidence for IgG3 involvement in acquired immunity to Onchocerca volvulus and identification of possible immune-associated antigens.
Leishmanin skin test standardization and evaluation of safety, dose, storage, longevity of reaction and sensitization.
A rapid and simple diagnostic test for active visceral leishmaniasis.
A killing disease epidemic among displaced Sudanese population identified as visceral leishmaniasis.
Phlebotomus guggisbergi (Diptera: Psychodidae), a vector of Leishmania tropica in Kenya.
Coexistence of GP195 alleles of Plasmodium falciparum in a small endemic area.
The value of immunological approaches to the diagnosis of schistosomal myelopathy.
Oesophagostomiasis, a common infection of man in northern Togo and Ghana.
Evaluation of merocyanine 540-sensitized photoirradiation as a method for purging malarially infected red cells from blood.
Loiasis in endemic and nonendemic populations: immunologically mediated differences in clinical presentation.
Efficacy of quinine for falciparum malaria according to previous chloroquine exposure.
Efficacy of a loading dose of oral chloroquine in a 36-hour treatment schedule for uncomplicated plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Echinococcosis (Hydatid disease): lessons from experience with 59 patients.
Babesiosis. Diagnostic pitfalls.
Experimental toxoplasmosis and vaccine tests in Aotus monkeys.
Positive response to sodium antimony gluconate administration in visceral leishmaniasis seropositive patients.
Efficacy and toxicity of pentostam against Panamanian mucosal leishmaniasis.
Acridine orange detection of Plasmodium falciparum malaria: relationship between sensitivity and optical configuration.
Renal pathology in Saimiri monkeys during a vaccine trial using the recombinant circumsporozoite protein of Plasmodium vivax.
Splenic hydatidosis.
Successful treatment of primary amebic meningoencephalitis.
Causes of blindness and visual handicap in the Central African Republic.
Serological investigation of ocular toxoplasmosis.
Fuchs's heterochromic cyclitis in congenital ocular toxoplasmosis.
Epithelial membrane glycoprotein PAS-IV is related to platelet glycoprotein IIIb binding to thrombospondin but not to malaria-infected erythrocytes.
Spinal cord schistosomiasis. A clinical, laboratory and radiological study, with a note on therapeutic aspects.
T-lymphocyte modulation of intestinal muscle function in the Trichinella-infected rat.
The effect of insecticide-treated bed nets on mortality of Gambian children.
Infection of the central nervous system due to Acanthamoeba.
Acanthamoeba and disinfection of soft contact lenses.
In vitro evaluation of antimicrobial compounds for cysticidal activity against Acanthamoeba.
Household pets and human infections.
Infections transmitted by large and small laboratory animals.
Experimental onchocerciasis in chimpanzees. Cell-mediated immune responses, and production and effects of IL-1 and IL-2 with Onchocerca volvulus infection.
Plasmodium Falciparum malaria and perinatally acquired human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection in Kinshasa, Zaire. A prospective, longitudinal cohort study of 587 children.
Periodic and chaotic host-parasite interactions in human malaria.
A case of opisthorchiasis diagnosed by cholangiography and bile examination.
Malaria in an urban emergency department: epidemiology and diagnostic features of 25 cases.
A case of cardiac hydatid cyst localized on the interventricular septum and causing pulmonary emboli.
Immunoregulation in onchocerciasis. Functional and phenotypic abnormalities of lymphocyte subsets and changes with therapy.
Molecular basis of sequestration in severe and uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria: differential adhesion of infected erythrocytes to CD36 and ICAM-1.
Global distribution of a variant of the circumsporozoite gene of Plasmodium vivax.
Human immunodeficiency virus and malaria in a representative sample of childbearing women in Kigali, Rwanda.
MRI in cerebral toxocaral disease.
Detection of HIV-1 in Entamoeba histolytica without evidence of transmission to human cells.
Sulphadiazine desensitization in patients with AIDS and cerebral toxoplasmosis.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis in AIDS: uncommon but important.
Mortality rates and population density of tsetse flies correlated with satellite imagery.
Interleukin 4 is important in protective immunity to a gastrointestinal nematode infection in mice.
Corneal microsporidiosis in a patient with AIDS.
Onchocerciasis in a California dog.
Age specific patterns of change in the dynamics of Wuchereria bancrofti infection in Papua New Guinea.
Serological evaluation of the macrofilaricidal effects of diethylcarbamazine treatment in bancroftian filariasis.
Leishmaniasis in Bahia, Brazil: evidence that Leishmania amazonensis produces a wide spectrum of clinical disease.
Resistance to chloroquine by Plasmodium vivax in Irian Jaya, Indonesia.
Comparison of antimalarial efficacy of alpha, beta, and alpha/beta arteether against Plasmodium cynomolgi B infection in monkeys.
Polyclonal B-lymphocyte stimulation in human malaria and its association with ongoing parasitemia.
The evaluation of patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related disorders and brain mass lesions.
Focal pulmonary lesions in patients with AIDS: percutaneous transthoracic needle biopsy.
Effect of clindamycin on pneumonia from reactivation of Toxoplasma gondii infection in mice.
Characterization and localization of Plasmodium falciparum surface antigens on infected erythrocytes from west African patients.
A current perspective on the role of eosinophils in dermatologic diseases.
Lipophosphoglycan masks recognition of the Leishmania donovani promastigote surface by human kala-azar serum.
Results of a preventive program for congenital toxoplasmosis.
Left ventricular function changes after cardiomyoplasty in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Medical evaluation of internationally adopted children.
Chronic wounds and delusions of parasitosis in the drug abuser.
Experimental Acanthamoeba keratitis: II. Immunohistochemical evaluation.
Intraocular coenurosis: a case report.
Histological diagnosis of intestinal microsporidiosis in patients with AIDS.
Comparison of IgG antibody profiles by immunoblotting in patients with acute and previous Toxoplasma gondii infection.
Sexually transmitted diseases in mothers of neonates with congenital cytomegalovirus infection.
Diagnosis of human African trypanosomiasis and visceral leishmaniasis based on the detection of anti-parasite-enzyme antibodies.
Preventive therapy for malaria.
Office dermatologic testing: the scabies preparation.
Crohn's colitis complicated by superimposed invasive amebic colitis.
Malaria in travelers in Rhode Island: a review of 26 cases.
Activation of the host response in human Plasmodium falciparum malaria: relation of parasitemia to tumor necrosis factor/cachectin, thrombin-antithrombin III, and protein C levels.
Infection of Anopheles darlingi fed on patients with Plasmodium falciparum before and after treatment with quinine or quinine plus tetracycline.
Conserved and variant epitopes of target antigens of transmission-blocking antibodies among isolates of Plasmodium falciparum from Malaysia.
Cellular proliferative responses in squirrel monkeys immunized with recombinant and synthetic Plasmodium vivax circumsporozoite peptides.
Resistance to antimalarials by Plasmodium falciparum in Arso PIR, Irian Jaya, Indonesia.
Characterization and classification of leishmanial parasites from humans, wild mammals, and sand flies in the Amazon region of Brazil.
Characterization of Leishmania colombiensis sp. n (Kinetoplastida: Trypanosomatidae), a new parasite infecting humans, animals, and phlebotomine sand flies in Colombia and Panama.
Five cases of encephalitis during treatment of loiasis with diethylcarbamazine.
Evaluation of a monoclonal-antibody based antigen assay for diagnosis of Wuchereria bancrofti infection in Egypt.
Vaccine effect of intact metacestodes of Taenia crassiceps against T. taeniaeformis infection in rats.
Trichinella spiralis infection alters small bowel motor activity in the fed state.
Clonorchis-associated cholangiocarcinoma: a report of two cases with unusual manifestations.
Inhibition of antigen-driven proliferative responses and enhancement of antibody production during infection with Brugia pahangi.
Purified Fc epsilon R+ bone marrow and splenic non-B, non-T cells are highly enriched in the capacity to produce IL-4 in response to immobilized IgE, IgG2a, or ionomycin.
Sulfadiazine-induced crystalluria in AIDS patients with toxoplasma encephalitis.
Myocardial echinococcosis with perforation into the pericardium.
Neurocysticercosis: regression of a fourth ventricular cyst with praziquantel.
Common west African HLA antigens are associated with protection from severe malaria
Use of corticosteroids in combination with antimicrobial drugs in the treatment of infectious corneal disease
Comparison of the effects of a single dose and of four six-monthly doses of ivermectin on adult Onchocerca volvulus.
Significance of circumsporozoite-specific antibody in the natural transmission of Plasmodium falciparum, Plasmodium vivax, and Plasmodium malariae in an aboriginal (Orang Asli) population of central peninsula Malaysia.
Isotypic analysis, antigen specificity, and inhibitory function of maternally transmitted Plasmodium falciparum-specific antibodies in Gabonese newborns.
Age-dependent acquired protection against Plasmodium falciparum in people having two years exposure to hyperendemic malaria.
Clustering of malaria infections within an endemic population: risk of malaria associated with the type of housing construction.
Placebo controlled treatment of Ecuadorian cutaneous leishmaniasis.
Magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of focal computed tomography abnormality in epilepsy.
Travel medicine and travel clinics.
Antibodies to IL-3 and IL-4 suppress helminth-induced intestinal mastocytosis.
Immunologic responses to repeated ivermectin treatment in patients with onchocerciasis.
Ciprofloxacin treatment of drug-resistant falciparum malaria.
Pentoxifylline prevents murine cerebral malaria.
Cerebral sparganosis caused by Spirometra mansonoides. Case report.
Chagas' heart disease in the United States.
Diagnosis and treatment of childhood scabies and pediculosis.
Blistering disorders in childhood.
Mucocutaneous disease in pediatric human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Dermatomyositis responding to treatment of associated toxoplasmosis.
Eyelid leishmaniasis in a patient with neurogenic ptosis.
Diagnosis of cysticercosis in endemic regions. The Cysticercosis Working Group in Peru.
Chagas' cardioneuropathy: effect of ganglioside treatment in chronic dysautonomic patients--a randomized, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled study.
Efficacy of ivermectin for control of microfilaremia recurring after treatment with diethylcarbamazine. I. Clinical and parasitologic observations.
Efficacy of ivermectin for control of microfilaremia recurring after treatment with diethylcarbamazine. II. Immunologic changes following treatment.
Eosinophil-rich, granulomatous inflammatory response to Plasmodium berghei hepatic schizonts in nonimmunized rats is age-related.
Hypnozoites of Plasmodium simiovale.
Anopheline ecology and malaria infection during the irrigation development of an area of the Mahaweli Project, Sri Lanka.
Enterobius egg granuloma of the vulva and peritoneum: review of the literature.
Standard and reduced doses of mefloquine for treatment of Plasmodium falciparum in Tanzania: whole blood concentrations in relation to adverse reactions, in vivo response, and in vitro susceptibility.
Experience in the surgical treatment of 331 patients with pulmonary hydatidosis.
Strongyloides stercoralis hyperinfection and central nervous system involvement in a patient with relapsing polychondritis.
Conjunctival ophthalmomyiasis caused by the sheep nasal botfly (Oestrus ovis).
Mefloquine-resistant falciparum malaria on the Thai-Burmese border
Orbital lesions with granulomatous inflammation.
Acanthamoeba keratitis: experience in a non-specialist microbiology laboratory.
MR imaging in hydatid disease.
Fatal disseminated hemorrhagic toxoplasmic encephalitis as the initial manifestation of AIDS.
Tick-borne diseases.
Subcutaneous cysticercosis.
Visceral leishmaniasis: a difficult diagnosis and unusual causative agent.
Antifilarial cellular responses detected in a Haitian pediatric population by use of a microblastogenesis assay.
Changes in circulating parasite antigen levels after treatment of bancroftian filariasis with diethylcarbamazine and ivermectin.
Serodiagnosis of invasive amebiasis using a recombinant Entamoeba histolytica protein.
Update: self-induced malaria associated with malariotherapy for Lyme disease--Texas.
A soluble factor produced by inoculation of human monocytes with Leishmania donovani promastigotes suppresses IFN-gamma-dependent monocyte activation.
Activation of human monocyte-derived macrophages to kill schistosomula of Schistosoma mansoni in vitro.
Induction of T helper cell unresponsiveness to antigen by macrophages from schistosomal egg granulomas. A basis for immunomodulation in schistosomiasis?
Immune responses during human Schistosoma mansoni. XVII. Recognition by monoclonal anti-idiotypic antibodies of several idiotopes on a monoclonal anti-soluble schistosomal egg antigen antibody and anti-soluble schistosomal egg antigen antibodies from patients with different clinical forms of infection.
Immunologic responsiveness in American cutaneous leishmaniasis lesions.
Radiologic findings of clonorchiasis.
Enhanced platelet adherence and aggregation in Chagas' disease: a potential pathogenic mechanism for cardiomyopathy.
Class I MHC genes and CD8+ T cells determine cyst number in Toxoplasma gondii infection.
Phenotypes and functions of lymphocytes in congenital toxoplasmosis.
TNF concentration in fatal cerebral, non-fatal cerebral, and uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Cranial vault and gigantic intracranial hydatid cyst in a young woman.
Immunoglobulin switch circular DNA in the mouse infected with Nippostrongylus brasiliensis: evidence for successive class switching from mu to epsilon via gamma 1.
Hepatitis B vaccination in children infected with Schistosoma mansoni: correlation with ultrasonographic data.
Sarcoptes scabiei in histopathologic sections of skin in human scabies.
Ablation of eosinophil and IgE responses with anti-IL-5 or anti-IL-4 antibodies fails to affect immunity against Schistosoma mansoni in the mouse.
Leishmania major amastigotes initiate the L-arginine-dependent killing mechanism in IFN-gamma-stimulated macrophages by induction of tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha synergizes with IFN-gamma in mediating killing of Leishmania major through the induction of nitric oxide.
The mast cell-committed progenitor. In vitro generation of committed progenitors from bone marrow.
Macrophage activation for intracellular killing as induced by calcium ionophore. Correlation with biologic and biochemical events.
Phagocytosis of Leishmania enhances macrophage activation by IFN-gamma and lipopolysaccharide.
Synergistic role of CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes in IFN-gamma production and protective immunity induced by an attenuated Toxoplasma gondii vaccine.
IgG antibody reactivity with Trypanosoma cruzi and Leishmania antigens in sera of patients with Chagas' disease and leishmaniasis.
Characterization of a membrane antigen of Leishmania amazonensis that stimulates human immune responses.
Trichinella spiralis infection--United States, 1990.
Reduction in the number of UCHL-1+ cells and IL-2 production in the peripheral blood of patients with visceral leishmaniasis.
Egg deposition is the major stimulus for the production of Th2 cytokines in murine schistosomiasis mansoni.
Resistance in murine schistosomiasis is contingent on activated IL-2 receptor-bearing L3T4+ lymphocytes, negatively regulated by Lyt-2+ cells, and uninfluenced by the presence of IL-4.
Mosquito-transmitted malaria--California and Florida, 1990.
Fibroblast stimulation in schistosomiasis. XI. Purification to apparent homogeneity of fibroblast-stimulating factor-1, an acidic heparin-binding growth factor produced by schistosomal egg granulomas.
Response to chemotherapy in experimental visceral leishmaniasis: T cell-dependent but interferon-gamma- and interleukin-2-independent.
Genomic variability in field populations of Schistosoma mansoni in Brazil as detected with a ribosomal gene probe.
Hyperdynamic circulation in a chronic murine schistosomiasis model of portal hypertension.
Propranolol ameliorates the development of portal-systemic shunting in a chronic murine schistosomiasis model of portal hypertension.
Regulation of granulomatous inflammation in murine schistosomiasis. V. Antigen-induced T cell-derived suppressor factors down-regulate proliferation and IL-2, but not IL-4, production by CD4+ effector T cells.
Antigenicity and immunogenicity of a multiple peptidic construction of the Schistosoma mansoni Sm-28 GST antigen in rat, mouse, and monkey. 1. Partial protection of Fischer rat after active immunization.
Complement-mediated lysis of Trypanosoma cruzi trypomastigotes by human anti-alpha-galactosyl antibodies.
Treatment of severe Plasmodium falciparum malaria with quinidine gluconate: discontinuation of parenteral quinine from CDC drug service.
Resolution of microsporidial epithelial keratopathy in a patient with AIDS.
Tumor necrosis factor (cachectin) in human visceral leishmaniasis.
Endogenous interferon-gamma, macrophage activation, and murine host defense against acute infection with Trypanosoma cruzi.
Differential production of Th1- and Th2-derived cytokines does not determine the genetically controlled or vaccine-induced rate of cure in murine visceral leishmaniasis.
Differential T cell responses to Plasmodium chabaudi chabaudi in peripheral blood and spleens of C57BL/6 mice during infection.
Evidence for the segregation of a major gene in human susceptibility/resistance to infection by Schistosoma mansoni.
Interferon-gamma enhances the effect of antimalarial chemotherapy in murine Plasmodium vinckei malaria.
Treatment with quinidine gluconate of persons with severe Plasmodium falciparum infection: discontinuation of parenteral quinine from CDC Drug Service.
Differential control of IFN-gamma and IL-2 production during Trypanosoma cruzi infection.
Endogenous IFN-gamma is required for resistance to acute Trypanosoma cruzi infection in mice.
Spinal cord schistosomiasis: a pediatric case mimicking intrinsic cord neoplasm.
Alterations in influence of granuloma-derived cytokines on fibrogenesis in the course of murine Schistosoma mansoni infection.
Impaired heart rate variability in patients with chronic Chagas' disease.
Assessment of cure in schistosomiasis patients after chemotherapy with praziquantel by quantitation of circulating anodic antigen (CAA) in urine.
Depression of endothelium-dependent relaxation in aorta from rats with Brugia pahangi lymphatic filariasis.
Health risks of foreign travel. Preparing adults for jaunts abroad.
Rosette formation by Plasmodium coatneyi-infected red blood cells.
Immune response and Trypanosoma cruzi infection in Trypanosoma rangeli-immunized mice.
Immunogenetic susceptibility for post-schistosomal hepatic fibrosis.
Granulomatous hypersensitivity to Schistosoma mansoni egg antigens in human schistosomiasis. III. In vitro granuloma modulation induced by immune complexes.
Ultrasonographical investigation of periportal fibrosis in children with Schistosoma mansoni infection: reversibility of morbidity seven months after treatment with praziquantel.
Soluble IL-2 receptor as an agent of serum-mediated suppression in human visceral leishmaniasis.
IFN-gamma- and IL-5-producing cells compartmentalize to different lymphoid organs in Trichinella spiralis-infected mice.
Immune response to Schistosoma mansoni infections in inbred rats. VII. Resistance is contingent on OX-8(+)-regulated high affinity IL-2 receptor-bearing W3/25+ lymphocytes but not on IL-4-dependent cells.
Immunogenicity of an engineered internal image antibody.
Myocardial beta-adrenergic adenylate cyclase complex in a canine model of chagasic cardiomyopathy.
Efficacy of alternating therapy with oxamniquine and praziquantel to treat Schistosoma mansoni in children following failure of first treatment.
Molecular mimicry by Trypanosoma cruzi: the F1-160 epitope that mimics mammalian nerve can be mapped to a 12-amino acid peptide.
Purine analogs as chemotherapeutic agents in leishmaniasis and American trypanosomiasis.
Trypanosomatid isolates from Honduras: differentiation between Trypanosoma cruzi and Trypanosoma rangeli.
In vivo molecular analysis of lymphokines involved in the murine immune response during Schistosoma mansoni infection. I. IL-4 mRNA, not IL-2 mRNA, is abundant in the granulomatous livers, mesenteric lymph nodes, and spleens of infected mice.
Schistosoma mansoni tropomyosin: production and purification of the recombinant protein and studies on its immunodiagnostic potential.
Inhibitory activity against Plasmodium vivax sporozoites induced by plasma from Saimiri monkeys immunized with circumsporozoite recombinant proteins or irradiated sporozoites.
Production of interferon gamma, interleukin 2, interleukin 4, and interleukin 10 by CD4+ lymphocytes in vivo during healing and progressive murine leishmaniasis.
Trypanosoma cruzi: a carbohydrate epitope defined by a monoclonal antibody as a possible marker of the acute phase of human Chagas' disease.
Reconstitution of Leishmania immunity in severe combined immunodeficient mice using Th1- and Th2-like cell lines.
Immune suppression induced by protoscoleces of Echinococcus multilocularis in mice. Evidence for the presence of CD8dull suppressor cells in spleens of mice intraperitoneally infected with E. multilocularis.
In vitro activity of CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes from mice immunized with a synthetic malaria peptide.
